Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
typically typically
called called
Bran Bran
second second
son son
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Lady Lady
Catelyn Catelyn
Tully Tully
one one
major major
POV POV
characters character
books book
four four
older older
siblings sibling
Robb Robb
Jon Jon
Sansa Sansa
Arya Arya
one one
younger younger
Rickon Rickon
Like Like
siblings sibling
constantly constantly
accompanied accompanied
direwolf direwolf
Summer Summer
shares share
strong strong
warg warg
connection connection
seven seven
years year
old old
beginning beginning
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
played played
Isaac Isaac
HempsteadWright HempsteadWright
Bran Bran
favors favor
mother mother
Catelyn Catelyn
appearance appearance
thick thick
auburn auburn
hair hair
deep deep
blue blue
eyes eye
Tullys Tullys
Bran Bran
sweet sweet
thoughtful thoughtful
boy boy
wellloved wellloved
everyone everyone
Winterfell Winterfell
fascination fascination
climbing climbing
exploring exploring
along along
walls wall
ramparts rampart
castle castle
Catelyn Catelyn
jested jested
Bran Bran
could could
climb climb
could could
walk walk
however however
climbing climbing
often often
distresses distress
Like Like
siblings sibling
Bran Bran
also also
dutiful dutiful
toughminded toughminded
also also
possesses posse
propensity propensity
adventure adventure
excitement excitement
yearns yearns
see see
far far
places place
one one
day day
dreams dream
becoming becoming
knight knight
halfbrother halfbrother
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
fondly fondly
thinks think
Bran Bran
always always
stubborn stubborn
curious curious
like like
manner manner
constantly constantly
wanted wanted
join join
play play
older older
boys boy
believing believing
adult adult
seven seven
Bran Bran
owns owns
grey grey
breeches breech
white white
doublet doublet
sleeves sleeve
collar collar
trimmed trimmed
vair vair
riding riding
wears wear
dark dark
grey grey
woolen woolen
surcoat surcoat
silver silver
buttons button
well well
furlined furlined
boots boot
gloves glove
Bran Bran
clasps clasp
furtrimmed furtrimmed
cloak cloak
heavy heavy
silver silver
pin pin
boys boy
favorite favorite
clasp clasp
wolfshead wolfshead
brooch brooch
silver silver
polished polished
jet jet
makes make
look look
lordly lordly
Born Born
Winterfell Winterfell
AC AC
height height
summer summer
Bran Bran
second second
son son
fourth fourth
child child
Catelyn Catelyn
Tully Tully
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
head head
House House
Stark Stark
named named
late late
uncle uncle
Eddards Eddards
elder elder
brother brother
Brandon Brandon
whose whose
death death
one one
major major
events event
led led
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
AC AC
Bran Bran
three three
older older
siblings sibling
Robb Robb
Sansa Sansa
Arya Arya
one one
younger younger
Rickon Rickon
also also
bastard bastard
halfbrother halfbrother
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
child child
Bran Bran
educated educated
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
trained trained
weapons weapon
masteratarms masteratarms
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
year year
Brans Brans
birth birth
AC AC
Eddard Eddard
brought brought
Winterfell Winterfell
hostage hostage
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
last last
surviving surviving
son son
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Although Although
Robb Robb
Theon Theon
became became
close close
Greyjoys Greyjoys
Rebellion Rebellion
Bran Bran
never never
warmed warmed
fathers father
ward ward
Bran Bran
enjoys enjoys
exploring exploring
castle castle
believes belief
allows allows
know know
secrets secret
Since Since
babe babe
Bran Bran
often often
climbed climbed
walls wall
Winterfell Winterfell
scaring scaring
Catelyn Catelyn
death death
pleaded pleaded
stop stop
extracted extracted
promise promise
kept kept
barely barely
fortnight fortnight
Bran Bran
wracked wracked
guilt guilt
confessed confessed
Eddard Eddard
ordered ordered
son son
Winterfell Winterfell
godswood godswood
cleanse cleanse
Bran Bran
eventually eventually
found found
asleep asleep
tallest tallest
sentinel sentinel
tree tree
Ned Ned
accepted accepted
climbing climbing
told told
try try
let let
lady lady
mother mother
see see
Lady Lady
Stark Stark
turned turned
others others
castle castle
first first
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
made made
boy boy
pottery pottery
threw threw
Winterfells Winterfells
walls wall
show show
Bran Bran
would would
happen happen
boy boy
fall fall
climbing climbing
Old Old
Nan Nan
told told
story story
boy boy
climbed climbed
high high
struck struck
lightning lightning
eyes eye
eaten eaten
crows crow
finally finally
castle castle
guards guard
chased chased
Bran Bran
tower tower
tower tower
attempt attempt
haul haul
attempt attempt
fruitless fruitless
Bran Bran
continued continued
climbing climbing
boy boy
enjoys enjoys
swinging swinging
gargoyles gargoyle
First First
Keep Keep
feeding feeding
corn corn
crows crow
atop atop
broken broken
tower tower
Bran Bran
loves love
hearing hearing
Old Old
Nans Nans
stories story
preferring preferring
scary scary
ones one
else else
concerning concerning
children child
forest forest
Long Long
Night Night
Others Others
also also
enthralled enthralled
tales tale
mystery mystery
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
asks asks
hear hear
stories story
names name
become become
like like
music music
However However
disappointed disappointed
informed informed
father father
new new
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Bran Bran
among among
group group
twenty twenty
witness witness
father father
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
dispense dispense
kings king
justice justice
Gared Gared
deserter deserter
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
first first
time time
Bran Bran
allowed allowed
accompany accompany
group group
find find
dead dead
direwolf direwolf
pups pup
way way
back back
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
passionately passionately
protests protest
killing killing
pups pup
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
siblings sibling
receives receives
one one
young young
animals animal
pet pet
Eddard Eddard
named named
Hand Hand
King King
Bran Bran
excited excited
prospect prospect
seeing seeing
knights knight
royalty royalty
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
yet yet
still still
apprehensive apprehensive
leaving leaving
royal royal
visit visit
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
fights fight
Prince Prince
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
yard yard
supervision supervision
masteratarms masteratarms
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
ends end
Brans Brans
victory victory
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
older older
men men
leave leave
hunting hunting
trip trip
Bran Bran
begins begin
climbing climbing
Winterfells Winterfells
broken broken
tower tower
feed feed
crows crow
one one
last last
time time
near near
window window
First First
Keep Keep
however however
discovers discovers
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
brother brother
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
sex sex
although although
boy boy
understand understand
actions action
Jaime Jaime
pushes push
Bran Bran
window window
intending intending
kill kill
boy boy
keep keep
incestuous incestuous
love love
affair affair
secret secret
Bran Bran
survives survives
enters enters
coma coma
Bran Bran
comatose comatose
attempt attempt
made made
life life
unnamed unnamed
catspaw catspaw
Valyrian Valyrian
steel steel
dagger dagger
mother mother
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
delays delay
assassin assassin
long long
enough enough
Brans Brans
unnamed unnamed
direwolf direwolf
arrive arrive
tear tear
throat throat
meantime meantime
Bran Bran
many many
visions vision
coma coma
including including
hazy hazy
memory memory
falling falling
tower tower
threeeyed threeeyed
crow crow
tells tell
teach teach
fly fly
heart heart
winter winter
crows crow
guidance guidance
Bran Bran
wakes wake
immediately immediately
names name
direwolf direwolf
Summer Summer
Crippled Crippled
fall fall
Bran Bran
confined confined
tower tower
chamber chamber
Old Old
Nan Nan
keeps keep
company company
tells tell
Bran Bran
stories story
north north
Long Long
Night Night
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
stops stop
Winterfell Winterfell
way way
back back
Wall Wall
gives give
schematics schematic
saddle saddle
designed designed
Brans Brans
crippled crippled
form form
despite despite
threats threat
Brans Brans
brother brother
Robb Robb
acting acting
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
direwolves direwolves
Bran Bran
however however
overjoyed overjoyed
prospect prospect
learning learning
ride ride
Joseth Joseth
trains train
Dancer Dancer
obey obey
Brans Brans
commands command
Later Later
testing testing
Tyrions Tyrions
suggestion suggestion
ride ride
wolfswood wolfswood
Bran Bran
ambushed ambushed
band band
wildlings wildlings
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
deserters deserter
rescued rescued
Robb Robb
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Grey Grey
Wind Wind
Summer Summer
Afterwards Afterwards
Bran Bran
begins begin
bond bond
sole sole
survivor survivor
band band
Osha Osha
due due
shared shared
faith faith
old old
gods god
Robb Robb
calls call
northern northern
banners banner
following following
Lord Lord
Eddards Eddards
arrest arrest
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Bran Bran
witnesses witness
incident incident
Greatjon Greatjon
acting acting
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
Robb Robb
rides ride
south south
Later Later
Bran Bran
dream dream
father father
crypt crypt
Winterfell Winterfell
ventures venture
Osha Osha
finding finding
nothing nothing
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
also also
reveals reveals
dreamed dreamed
dream dream
last last
night night
Almost Almost
immediately immediately
leaving leaving
crypts crypt
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
receives receives
ravenborne ravenborne
message message
informing informing
Winterfell Winterfell
Neds Neds
execution execution
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheons Baratheons
command command
Robb Robb
becomes becomes
King King
North North
Bran Bran
Robbs Robbs
heir heir
becomes becomes
Prince Prince
Winterfell Winterfell
rules rule
castle castle
brothers brother
absence absence
Bran Bran
dislikes dislike
mother mother
Catelyns Catelyns
new new
wards ward
Big Big
Walder Walder
Little Little
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
Bran Bran
meets meet
several several
bannermen bannermen
harvest harvest
feast feast
befriends befriends
Meera Meera
Jojen Jojen
Reed Reed
children child
father father
Eddards Eddards
trusted trusted
friend friend
Lord Lord
Howland Howland
Reed Reed
sleeping sleeping
Bran Bran
frequently frequently
enters enters
Summers Summers
mind mind
though though
boy boy
thinks think
simply simply
dreaming dreaming
begins begin
become become
bestial bestial
Jojen Jojen
recognizes recognizes
Brans Brans
ability ability
skinchanging skinchanging
instructs instructs
use use
properly properly
learning learning
Brans Brans
visions vision
Jojen Jojen
claims claim
Bran Bran
goes go
north north
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
find find
threeeyed threeeyed
crow crow
dreams dream
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
however however
believe believe
Jojen Jojen
greensight greensight
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Eddards Eddards
ward ward
captures capture
Winterfell Winterfell
claiming claiming
Prince Prince
Winterfell Winterfell
holds hold
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
hostages hostage
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Osha Osha
Hodor Hodor
Reeds Reeds
escape escape
one one
night night
hide hide
crypts crypt
Unable Unable
find find
wolfswood wolfswood
Theon Theon
two two
millers miller
boys boy
murdered murdered
skinned skinned
Reek Reek
proclaims proclaims
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Theon Theon
prevents prevents
Luwin Luwin
burying burying
bodies body
crypts crypt
Riverrun Riverrun
Catelyn Catelyn
informed informed
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
captured captured
Theon Theon
Acorn Acorn
Water Water
heads head
displayed displayed
Winterfell Winterfell
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
captive captive
since since
Whispering Whispering
Wood Wood
admits admits
Catelyn Catelyn
flung flung
Bran Bran
window window
insists insists
involved involved
catspaws catspaws
attempt attempt
Brans Brans
life life
Skirling Skirling
Pass Pass
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Brans Brans
halfbrother halfbrother
dreams dream
direwolf direwolf
Ghost Ghost
dreaming dreaming
Jon Jon
sees see
threeeyed threeeyed
Bran Bran
face face
weirwood weirwood
Theon Theon
eventually eventually
betrayed betrayed
Reek Reek
actually actually
Ramsay Ramsay
Snow Snow
bastard bastard
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
Men Men
House House
Bolton Bolton
scatter scatter
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassels Cassels
men men
battle battle
winter winter
town town
Ramsay Ramsay
orders order
killing killing
Theons Theons
ironborn ironborn
sack sack
Winterfell Winterfell
although although
spares spare
Freys Freys
Bran Bran
companions companion
emerge emerge
crypts crypt
find find
Winterfell Winterfell
ruins ruin
brothers brother
find find
mortallywounded mortallywounded
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
advises advises
traveling traveling
party party
split split
Rickon Rickon
Osha Osha
set set
direction direction
White White
Harbor Harbor
Bran Bran
Hodor Hodor
Reed Reed
siblings sibling
set set
north north
seek seek
threeeyed threeeyed
crow crow
burning burning
Winterfell Winterfell
attributed attributed
Theon Theon
Ramsay Ramsay
said said
flaying flaying
Theon Theon
vengeance vengeance
supposed supposed
deaths death
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Ramsay Ramsay
conspired conspired
Theon Theon
regarding regarding
millers miller
children child
Bolton Bolton
men men
search search
north north
real real
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Bran Bran
travels travel
secret secret
Meera Meera
Jojen Jojen
Hodor Hodor
avoiding avoiding
main main
roads road
stay stay
socalled socalled
Tumbledown Tumbledown
Tower Tower
Jojen Jojen
warns warns
Bran Bran
staying staying
long long
Summer Summer
weather weather
turns turn
colder colder
northern northern
mountains mountain
Summer Summer
finds find
shelter shelter
meet meet
Liddle Liddle
shares share
food food
ask ask
take take
kingsroad kingsroad
clansman clansman
tells tell
treacherous treacherous
travelers traveler
war war
made made
everywhere everywhere
dangerous dangerous
group group
decide decide
head head
Nightfort Nightfort
instead instead
Castle Castle
Black Black
due due
Jojens Jojens
green green
dream dream
Meera Meera
tells tell
Bran Bran
Knight Knight
Laughing Laughing
Tree Tree
story story
Reeds Reeds
surprised surprised
Bran Bran
never never
heard heard
En En
route route
Wall Wall
party party
stops stop
Gift Gift
Queenscrown Queenscrown
abandoned abandoned
holdfast holdfast
surrounded surrounded
water water
able able
get get
due due
concealed concealed
passageway passageway
moat moat
remembered remembered
Bran Bran
one one
Old Old
Nans Nans
stories story
hidden hidden
inside inside
tower tower
spot spot
men men
village village
Summer Summer
attacks attack
men men
among among
Brans Brans
halfbrother halfbrother
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Bran Bran
enters enters
Summers Summers
mind mind
attacks attack
men men
trying trying
slay slay
Jon Jon
giving giving
opportunity opportunity
escape escape
wildling wildling
companions companion
Summer Summer
wounded wounded
arrow arrow
skirmish skirmish
manages manages
recover recover
treated treated
Meera Meera
troupe troupe
eventually eventually
reaches reach
Wall Wall
Nightfort Nightfort
sleeping sleeping
Bran Bran
awoken awoken
footsteps footstep
first first
group group
terrified terrified
discovered discovered
Meera Meera
attacks attack
intruders intruder
Bran Bran
recognizes recognizes
one one
brother brother
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
meets meet
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
accompanied accompanied
wildling wildling
Gilly Gilly
Sam Sam
leads lead
secret secret
door door
bottom bottom
well well
takes take
north north
side side
Wall Wall
meet meet
Coldhands Coldhands
enigmatic enigmatic
figure figure
uncertain uncertain
allegiance allegiance
Bran Bran
Jojen Jojen
Coldhands Coldhands
extract extract
promise promise
Sam Sam
tell tell
one one
alive alive
Sam Sam
reluctantly reluctantly
agrees agrees
even even
keeping keeping
secret secret
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
sworn sworn
brother brother
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Brans Brans
mother mother
Catelyn Catelyn
brother brother
King King
Robb Robb
slain slain
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
legitimizes legitimizes
Ramsay Ramsay
names name
father father
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
new new
Warden Warden
North North
Wall Wall
Samwell Samwell
summoned summoned
Jon Jon
new new
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
mentions mention
message message
new new
king king
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
requesting requesting
aid aid
Watch Watch
notes note
bitterly bitterly
Bran Bran
bested bested
Tommen Tommen
swords sword
yard yard
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
dead dead
Tommen Tommen
sits sits
upon upon
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Sam Sam
wants want
tell tell
Jon Jon
brother brother
alive alive
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
keeps keep
promise promise
say say
word word
Bran Bran
Meera Meera
Jojen Jojen
Hodor Hodor
Coldhands Coldhands
continue continue
journey journey
haunted haunted
forest forest
search search
threeeyed threeeyed
crow crow
Bran Bran
begins begin
become become
infatuated infatuated
Meera Meera
Jojen Jojen
grows grows
thin thin
weak weak
journey journey
long long
cold cold
suffer suffer
brink brink
starvation starvation
group group
briefly briefly
left left
Coldhands Coldhands
returns return
killing killing
oathbreakers oathbreakers
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
try try
sate sate
hunger hunger
Bran Bran
feasts feast
flesh flesh
deserters deserter
inside inside
Summer Summer
Returning Returning
skin skin
Bran Bran
eats eats
meat meat
Coldhands Coldhands
claims claim
pig pig
continue continue
north north
Coldhands Coldhands
elk elk
collapses collapse
butchered butchered
ranger ranger
Meera Meera
meat meat
Despite Despite
promising promising
would would
rather rather
go go
hungry hungry
feast feast
friend friend
Bran Bran
eats eats
meat meat
twice twice
skin skin
Summers Summers
steaks steak
sustain sustain
group group
seven seven
days day
depths depth
haunted haunted
forest forest
group group
ambushed ambushed
wights wight
outside outside
cave cave
threeeyed threeeyed
crow crow
Bran Bran
enters enters
Hodors Hodors
mind mind
fight fight
wights wight
Inside Inside
meet meet
one one
children child
forest forest
Leaf Leaf
reveals reveals
saved saved
burning burning
wights wight
However However
cave cave
warded warded
white white
walkers walker
wights wight
Coldhands Coldhands
can can
not not
accompany accompany
inside inside
Leaf Leaf
takes take
deeper deeper
cave cave
underneath underneath
weirwood weirwood
roots root
across across
floor floor
bones bone
reach reach
skeletal skeletal
body body
sitting sitting
throne throne
made made
roots root
threeeyed threeeyed
crow crow
last last
greenseer greenseer
pale pale
lord lord
tells tell
Bran Bran
boy boy
walk walk
fly fly
threeeyed threeeyed
crow crow
Bran Bran
learns learns
named named
Brynden Brynden
begins begin
teach teach
Bran Bran
greensight greensight
skinchanging skinchanging
Bran Bran
fed fed
weirwood weirwood
paste paste
awakens awakens
greenseeing greenseeing
gifts gift
enters enters
weirwood weirwood
roots root
around around
sees see
father father
Eddard Eddard
Winterfells Winterfells
heart heart
tree tree
past past
Griefstricken Griefstricken
Bran Bran
tries try
speak speak
Ned Ned
heard heard
whisper whisper
wind wind
Brynden Brynden
explains explains
Bran Bran
learn learn
past past
weirwoods weirwoods
impossible impossible
change change
Bran Bran
continues continues
enter enter
Hodor Hodor
explore explore
deeper deeper
parts part
cave cave
crow crow
sends sends
rest rest
Bran Bran
dreams dream
heart heart
tree tree
godswood godswood
Winterfell Winterfell
sees see
flashes flash
past past
far far
back back
old old
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
mutilated mutilated
Theon Theon
brought brought
back back
Winterfell Winterfell
Roose Roose
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
Ramsay Ramsay
weds wed
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
castles castle
heart heart
tree tree
Theon Theon
thinks think
hears hears
voice voice
whisper whisper
name name
Later Later
Theon Theon
thinks think
sees see
Brans Brans
face face
weirwood weirwood
hears hears
boys boy
name name
spoken spoken
tree tree
Bran Bran
mecrow mecrow
Teaching Teaching
flyBran flyBran
cant cant
flycrow flycrow
Youre Youre
flying flying
right right
nowBran nowBran
Im Im
fallingcrow fallingcrow
Every Every
flight flight
begins begin
fallBran fallBran
trees tree
dreamLuwin dreamLuwin
Trees Trees
Bran Bran
dream dream
tree tree
dreams dream
dream dream
tree tree
sometimes sometimes
weirwood weirwood
like like
one one
godswood godswood
calls call
wolf wolf
dreams dream
better better
smell smell
things thing
sometimes sometimes
taste taste
bloodId bloodId
sooner sooner
wolf wolf
could could
live live
wood wood
sleep sleep
wanted wanted
could could
find find
Arya Arya
Sansa Sansa
Id Id
smell smell
go go
save save
Robb Robb
went went
battle battle
Id Id
fight fight
beside beside
like like
Grey Grey
Wind Wind
Id Id
tear tear
Kingslayers Kingslayers
throat throat
teeth teeth
rip rip
war war
would would
everyone everyone
would would
come come
back back
Winterfell Winterfell
wolf wolf
Oooooooooooooooooo Oooooooooooooooooo
AAHOOOOOOO AAHOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOThe OOOOOOOOOOOOThe
stone stone
strong strong
roots root
trees tree
grow grow
deep deep
ground ground
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
sit sit
thrones throne
long long
remained remained
Winterfell Winterfell
remained remained
dead dead
broken broken
Like Like
Im Im
dead dead
eitherOld eitherOld
stories story
like like
old old
friends friend
visit visit
time time
timeAll timeAll
tales tale
agreed agreed
green green
men men
strange strange
magic magic
powers power
Maybe Maybe
could could
help help
walk walk
even even
turn turn
knight knight
turned turned
little little
crannogman crannogman
knight knight
even even
day day
thought thought
day day
would would
enoughBran enoughBran
Im Im
Im Im
broken broken
fix fix
legs leg
meancrow meancrow
beyond beyond
powers power
never never
walk walk
Bran Bran
flyEddard flyEddard
man man
died died
well well
Ill Ill
give give
glad glad
Brans Brans
sake sake
would would
proud proud
himCatelyn himCatelyn
always always
proud proud
BranHe BranHe
sweet sweet
boy boy
quick quick
laugh laugh
easy easy
love love
Let Let
grow grow
young young
princes prince
let let
become become
friend friend
Robert Robert
became became
mineI mineI
prayed prayed
special special
boy boy
went went
sept sept
prayed prayed
seven seven
times time
seven seven
faces face
god god
Ned Ned
would would
change change
mind mind
leave leave
meI meI
may may
indeed indeed
shit shit
honor honor
wont wont
deny deny
never never
yet yet
hired hired
anyone anyone
killing killing
Believe Believe
Lady Lady
Stark Stark
wanted wanted
Bran Bran
dead dead
would would
slain slain
myselfInnocent myselfInnocent
wretched wretched
boy boy
spying spying
usHes usHes
princeThe princeThe
strongest strongest
trees tree
rooted rooted
dark dark
places place
earth earth
Darkness Darkness
cloak cloak
shield shield
mothers mother
milk milk
Darkness Darkness
make make
strongNo strongNo
one one
expected expected
broken broken
boy boy
live live
gods god
could could
kill kill
Bran Bran
could could
strange strange
thought thought
stranger stranger
still still
remember remember
Bran Bran
might might
still still
aliveThey aliveThey
know know
gods god
know know
saw saw
one one
strange strange
moment moment
seemed seemed
Brans Brans
face face
carved carved
pale pale
trunk trunk
weirwood weirwood
staring staring
eyes eye
red red
wise wise
sad sad
Brans Brans
ghost ghost
thought thought
madness madness
Bran Bran
want want
haunt haunt
fond fond
boy boy
never never
done done
harm harm
Bran Bran
killed killed
Rickon Rickon
millers miller
sons son
mill mill
Acorn Acorn
Water Water
Brân Brân
means mean
crow crow
Old Old
Welsh Welsh
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
House House
Stark Stark
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
House House
Stark Stark
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Roderick Roderick
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
head head
House House
Stark Stark
first first
half half
first first
century century
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
Roderick Roderick
succeeded succeeded
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
Warden Warden
North North
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
relation relation
successor successor
Lord Lord
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
unknown unknown
Barthogan Barthogan
Stark Stark
also also
called called
Barth Barth
Blacksword Blacksword
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
head head
House House
Stark Stark
reign reign
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
fourth fourth
born born
son son
Lord Lord
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
third third
last last
wife wife
Lady Lady
Lynara Lynara
Stark Stark
Barthogan Barthogan
became became
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
death death
brother brother
Jonnel Jonnel
Jonnel Jonnel
issue issue
killed killed
Skagosi Skagosi
rose rose
Winterfell Winterfell
reign reign
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Barthogan Barthogan
entombed entombed
crypts crypt
Winterfell Winterfell
succeeded succeeded
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
younger younger
brother brother
Brandon Brandon
Rodwell Rodwell
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
head head
House House
Stark Stark
reign reign
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Rodwell Rodwell
eldest eldest
son son
Lord Lord
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
lady lady
wife wife
Alys Alys
Karstark Karstark
two two
younger younger
siblings sibling
Beron Beron
Arsa Arsa
well well
older older
bastard bastard
halfbrother halfbrother
Lonnel Lonnel
Snow Snow
Rodwell Rodwell
married married
Lady Lady
Myriame Myriame
Manderly Manderly
issue issue
brother brother
Beron Beron
followed followed
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
buried buried
crypts crypt
Winterfell Winterfell
Prince Prince
Winterfell Winterfell
title title
held held
certain certain
nobles noble
Winterfell Winterfell
Prince Prince
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
heir heir
elder elder
brother brother
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
Robb Robb
King King
North North
campaigns campaign
south south
amid amid
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
takes take
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
prisoner prisoner
capture capture
Winterfell Winterfell
sits sits
throne throne
within within
castles castle
Great Great
Hall Hall
sister sister
Asha Asha
later later
mocks mock
inability inability
properly properly
hold hold
Winterfell Winterfell
calling calling
Prince Prince
Fools Fools
Prior Prior
battle battle
Winterfell Winterfell
outnumbered outnumbered
Theon Theon
tells tell
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassels Cassels
army army
northmen northman
swear swear
fealty fealty
father father
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
king king
Theon Theon
Prince Prince
Winterfell Winterfell
confirmed confirmed
rights right
However However
Theon Theon
captured captured
Ramsay Ramsay
Snow Snow
sack sack
Winterfell Winterfell
noticing noticing
people people
Queenscrown Queenscrown
Bran Bran
tells tell
afraid afraid
Prince Prince
Winterfell Winterfell
tortured tortured
House House
Bolton Bolton
nowlegitimized nowlegitimized
Ramsay Ramsay
Theon Theon
emerges emerges
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Reek Reek
Theon Theon
arrogant arrogant
cocksure cocksure
brief brief
time time
Prince Prince
Winterfell Winterfell
Reek Reek
traumatized traumatized
ruined ruined
Theon Theon
travels travel
peace peace
banner banner
present present
Ramsay Ramsay
Boltons Boltons
terms term
rendition rendition
siege siege
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Since Since
Theon Theon
son son
late late
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
King King
Isles Isles
Rivers Rivers
Ramsay Ramsay
instructs instructs
Theon Theon
act act
prince prince
speaking speaking
ironborn ironborn
garrison garrison
guarding guarding
three three
towers tower
However However
Ramsay Ramsay
reminds reminds
Theon Theon
still still
truly truly
Reek Reek
heart heart
Later Later
godswood godswood
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
chosen chosen
ceremoniously ceremoniously
present present
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
actually actually
Jeyne Jeyne
Poole Poole
marriage marriage
Ramsay Ramsay
since since
Theon Theon
longtime longtime
ward ward
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
believed believed
Aryas Aryas
trueborn trueborn
brothers brother
dead dead
Ramsay Ramsay
mocks mock
Theon Theon
Prince Prince
Winterfell Winterfell
bedding bedding
Jeyne Jeyne
guard guard
later later
mocks mock
Theon Theon
Prince Prince
Stink Stink
Cley Cley
Good Good
morrow morrow
Bran Bran
must must
call call
Prince Prince
Bran Bran
Bran Bran
want want
good good
lord lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
ever ever
Betray Betray
though though
youll youll
wish wish
hadntI hadntI
took took
castle castle
mean mean
hold hold
live live
die die
Prince Prince
WinterfellThere WinterfellThere
flaying flaying
whilst whilst
Prince Prince
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
responded responded
little little
dreaming dreaming
short short
rule rule
would would
proveHis proveHis
reign reign
prince prince
Winterfell Winterfell
brief brief
one one
played played
part part
mummers mummer
show show
giving giving
feigned feigned
Arya Arya
wed wed
use use
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
Winterfell Winterfell
ancestral ancestral
castle castle
seat seat
power power
House House
Stark Stark
considered considered
capital capital
north north
center center
northernmost northernmost
province province
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
kingsroad kingsroad
runs run
Storms Storms
End End
Wall Wall
situated situated
eastern eastern
edge edge
wolfswood wolfswood
north north
western western
branch branch
White White
Knife Knife
Castle Castle
Cerwyn Cerwyn
Winterfell Winterfell
south south
northern northern
mountains mountain
southwest southwest
Long Long
Lake Lake
one one
hundred hundred
leagues league
three three
hundred hundred
miles mile
southeast southeast
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
Vayon Vayon
Poole Poole
castles castle
steward steward
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
advises advises
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
serves serf
Winterfells Winterfells
masteratarms masteratarms
nephew nephew
Jory Jory
Cassel Cassel
captain captain
House House
Stark Stark
guards guard
Septon Septon
Chayle Chayle
maintains maintains
castles castle
sept sept
Septa Septa
Mordane Mordane
tutors tutor
Stark Stark
children child
servants servant
include include
master master
horse horse
Hullen Hullen
kennelmaster kennelmaster
Farlen Farlen
blacksmith blacksmith
Mikken Mikken
cook cook
Gage Gage
brewer brewer
Barth Barth
Winterfell Winterfell
huge huge
castle castle
complex complex
spanning spanning
several several
acres acre
protected protected
two two
massive massive
walls wall
village village
outside outside
winter winter
town town
Winterfell Winterfell
built built
around around
ancient ancient
godswood godswood
natural natural
hot hot
springs spring
water water
piped piped
walls wall
chambers chamber
heat heat
making making
Winterfell Winterfell
comfortable comfortable
castles castle
harsh harsh
northern northern
winters winter
Inside Inside
walls wall
complex complex
composed composed
dozens dozen
courtyards courtyard
small small
open open
spaces space
Weapons Weapons
training training
practice practice
take take
place place
yards yard
inner inner
ward ward
second second
much much
older older
open open
space space
castle castle
archery archery
practice practice
takes take
place place
located located
next next
broken broken
tower tower
Inside Inside
Winterfell Winterfell
stands stand
inner inner
castle castle
contains contains
Great Great
Keep Keep
Great Great
Hall Hall
Winterfells Winterfells
towers tower
halls hall
diamondshaped diamondshaped
window window
panes pane
Winterfell Winterfell
huge huge
castle castle
complex complex
spanning spanning
several several
acres acre
defended defended
two two
massive massive
walls wall
grey grey
granite granite
wide wide
moat moat
outer outer
wall wall
eighty eighty
feet foot
high high
inner inner
one one
hundred hundred
feet foot
high high
wide wide
moat moat
guard guard
turrets turret
outer outer
wall wall
thirty thirty
watch watch
turrets turret
crenelated crenelated
inner inner
walls wall
great great
main main
gates gate
gatehouse gatehouse
made made
two two
huge huge
crenelated crenelated
bulwarks bulwark
flank flank
arched arched
gate gate
drawbridge drawbridge
opens open
market market
square square
winter winter
town town
narrow narrow
tunnel tunnel
inside inside
inner inner
wall wall
stretching stretching
halfway halfway
around around
castle castle
allowing allowing
travel travel
south south
gate gate
way way
north north
gate gate
without without
interruption interruption
winter winter
town town
called called
mostly mostly
deserted deserted
summer summer
smallfolk smallfolk
gather gather
winter winter
outside outside
walls wall
Winterfell Winterfell
market market
square square
filled filled
wooden wooden
stalls stall
merchants merchant
streets street
muddy muddy
lined lined
rows row
houses house
made made
logs log
undressed undressed
stone stone
Less Less
one one
five five
occupied occupied
summer summer
fill fill
winter winter
arrives arrives
kingsroad kingsroad
runs run
east east
Winterfell Winterfell
beyond beyond
winter winter
town town
inn inn
winter winter
town town
Smoking Smoking
Log Log
According According
legend legend
Winterfell Winterfell
built built
Brandon Brandon
Builder Builder
aided aided
giants giant
Long Long
Night Night
ended ended
eight eight
thousand thousand
years year
ago ago
Maesters Maesters
believe believe
built built
pieces piece
different different
eras era
since since
ancient ancient
Starks Starks
level level
ground ground
plan plan
single single
structure structure
recorded recorded
history history
Winterfell Winterfell
seat seat
House House
Stark Stark
Kings Kings
North North
later later
Wardens Wardens
North North
King King
Torrhen Torrhen
Stark Stark
bent bent
knee knee
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
dragons dragon
wars war
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
House House
Stark Stark
Red Red
Kings Kings
House House
Bolton Bolton
Winterfell Winterfell
burned burned
Kings Kings
Royce Royce
II II
Royce Royce
IV IV
Bolton Bolton
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Andal Andal
invasion invasion
Westeros Westeros
Maester Maester
Kennet Kennet
determined determined
First First
Keep Keep
oldest oldest
surviving surviving
part part
castle castle
built built
time time
Andals Andals
came came
Winterfells Winterfells
inner inner
walls wall
raised raised
approximately approximately
two two
thousand thousand
years year
ago ago
outer outer
walls wall
built built
reign reign
King King
Edrick Edrick
Snowbeard Snowbeard
heads head
giants giant
said said
displayed displayed
Winterfells Winterfells
walls wall
According According
free free
folk folk
legend legend
Bael Bael
Bard Bard
entered entered
Winterfell Winterfell
guise guise
singer singer
named named
Sygerrik Sygerrik
Leaving Leaving
behind behind
winter winter
rose rose
Bael Bael
supposedly supposedly
disappeared disappeared
daughter daughter
Lord Lord
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
tricking tricking
lord lord
daughter daughter
eventually eventually
reappeared reappeared
infant infant
future future
Lord Lord
Stark Stark
story story
claiming claiming
hiding hiding
crypt crypt
Winterfell Winterfell
legend legend
recorded recorded
chronicles chronicle
Winterfell Winterfell
however however
King King
Torrhen Torrhen
Stark Stark
called called
banners banner
Winterfell Winterfell
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
King King
Knelt Knelt
eventually eventually
submitted submitted
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
Inn Inn
Kneeling Kneeling
Man Man
Trident Trident
King King
Aegon Aegon
visited visited
Winterfell Winterfell
AC AC
last last
progresses progress
throughout throughout
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
visited visited
Winterfell Winterfell
AC AC
Lord Lord
Alaric Alaric
Stark Stark
took took
Alysanne Alysanne
hunting hunting
wolfswood wolfswood
allowed allowed
explore explore
castle castle
library library
Lord Lord
Stark Stark
showed showed
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
tomb tomb
brother brother
Lord Lord
Walton Walton
crypts crypt
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Prince Prince
Jacaerys Jacaerys
Velaryon Velaryon
visited visited
Winterfell Winterfell
gained gained
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
cause cause
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
blacks black
According According
Mushroom Mushroom
Jacaerys Jacaerys
slept slept
Sara Sara
Snow Snow
wed wed
castles castle
godswood godswood
although although
fools fool
story story
doubted doubted
Gyldayn Gyldayn
archmaester archmaester
also also
skeptical skeptical
Mushrooms Mushrooms
claim claim
Vermax Vermax
left left
clutch clutch
dragons dragon
eggs egg
Winterfell Winterfell
war war
progressed progressed
Lord Lord
Cregan Cregan
gathered gathered
hosts host
Winterfell Winterfell
Barrowton Barrowton
White White
Harbor Harbor
marching marching
south south
toward toward
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
war war
ended ended
AC AC
blizzards blizzard
descended descended
Winterfell Winterfell
Lord Lord
Benjicot Benjicot
Blackwood Blackwood
travelled travelled
Winterfell Winterfell
wedding wedding
aunt aunt
Black Black
Aly Aly
Lord Lord
Stark Stark
godswood godswood
start start
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
left left
Eyrie Eyrie
crossed crossed
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
Bite Bite
return return
north north
raised raised
northern northern
banners banner
younger younger
brother brother
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
remained remained
castle castle
wars war
duration duration
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
accompanied accompanied
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Qorgyle Qorgyle
visit visit
Wall Wall
Winterfell Winterfell
see see
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Alys Alys
Karstark Karstark
six six
father father
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
brought brought
Winterfell Winterfell
meet meet
Eddards Eddards
heir heir
Robb Robb
Alys Alys
danced danced
courteous courteous
Robb Robb
sullen sullen
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
feast feast
Cerwyns Cerwyns
often often
visit visit
Winterfell Winterfell
Castle Castle
Cerwyn Cerwyn
half half
day day
away away
regional regional
capital capital
north north
harvest harvest
feasts feast
hosted hosted
Winterfell Winterfell
centuries century
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
hosts host
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
royal royal
family family
Winterfell Winterfell
death death
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
visit visit
crypt crypt
Robert Robert
pay pay
respects respect
Lyanna Lyanna
Stark Stark
climbing climbing
toward toward
broken broken
tower tower
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
pushed pushed
First First
Keep Keep
finding finding
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
cavorting cavorting
sister sister
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
remains remains
castle castle
Eddard Eddard
travels travel
south south
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
serve serve
new new
Hand Hand
King King
fire fire
started started
Library Library
Tower Tower
order order
distract distract
guards guard
catspaws catspaws
attempt attempt
Brans Brans
life life
Robb Robb
hears hears
Eddard Eddard
taken taken
prisoner prisoner
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
raises raise
northern northern
bannerman bannerman
marches march
south south
rescue rescue
father father
Bran Bran
remains remains
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
direwolf direwolf
Lady Lady
buried buried
lichyard lichyard
First First
Keep Keep
Lady Lady
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
appoints appoints
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
castellan castellan
Winterfell Winterfell
Riverrun Riverrun
Robb Robb
proclaimed proclaimed
King King
North North
northern northern
rivermen rivermen
alike alike
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
Robbs Robbs
absence absence
hosts host
numerous numerous
northern northern
lords lord
harvest harvest
feast feast
Songs Songs
performed performed
festival festival
include include
Iron Iron
Lances Lances
Burning Burning
Ships Ships
Bear Bear
Maiden Maiden
Fair Fair
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
Winterfell Winterfell
captured captured
surprise surprise
attack attack
ironmen ironman
led led
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
rules rule
castle castle
several several
weeks week
lacks lack
manpower manpower
hold hold
indefinitely indefinitely
Stark Stark
bannermen bannermen
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
refuses refuse
help help
brother brother
hold hold
castle castle
far far
Sunset Sunset
Sea Sea
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
assembles assembles
nearly nearly
two two
thousand thousand
northmen northman
retake retake
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
Ramsay Ramsay
Snow Snow
castellan castellan
Dreadfort Dreadfort
leads lead
Bolton Bolton
soldiers soldier
betraying betraying
fellow fellow
northmen northman
however however
Rodriks Rodriks
army army
destroyed destroyed
battle battle
outside outside
Winterfells Winterfells
gates gate
Ramsay Ramsay
doublecrosses doublecrosses
Theon Theon
takes take
prisoner prisoner
Dreadfort Dreadfort
men men
sack sack
burn burn
Winterfell Winterfell
ceiling ceiling
Great Great
Hall Hall
one one
whole whole
side side
First First
Keep Keep
collapse collapse
sack sack
Winterfell Winterfell
steaming steaming
lake lake
forms form
bottom bottom
Library Library
Tower Tower
Maesters Maesters
Turret Turret
bridge bridge
connecting connecting
Bell Bell
Tower Tower
rookery rookery
destroyed destroyed
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
undetected undetected
crypts crypt
make make
escape escape
Winterfell Winterfell
aftermath aftermath
surviving surviving
women woman
children child
Winterfell Winterfell
taken taken
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Ramsay Ramsay
Snow Snow
also also
holds hold
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
hostage hostage
Due Due
alleged alleged
deaths death
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
considered considered
heir heir
Winterfell Winterfell
title title
Lady Lady
Olenna Olenna
Tyrell Tyrell
plots plot
Sansa Sansa
married married
heir heir
Highgarden Highgarden
Willas Willas
Tyrell Tyrell
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
informed informed
son son
Tyrion Tyrion
marry marry
instead instead
Sansa Sansa
Tyrions Tyrions
reluctance reluctance
King King
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
marries marries
Jeyne Jeyne
Westerling Westerling
tells tell
mother mother
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
plans plan
legitimize legitimize
brother brother
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
name name
heir heir
Winterfell Winterfell
King King
North North
Jeyne Jeyne
child child
Due Due
Sansas Sansas
marriage marriage
Tyrion Tyrion
Robb Robb
fears fear
Sansa Sansa
give give
Tyrion Tyrion
son son
thus thus
control control
Winterfell Winterfell
Robb Robb
wants want
prevent prevent
Catelyn Catelyn
pleads pleads
Robb Robb
consider consider
naming naming
sister sister
Arya Arya
heir heir
Robb Robb
insists insists
one one
seen seen
Arya Arya
since since
father father
Eddards Eddards
death death
Arya Arya
likely likely
also also
dead dead
Robb Robb
signs sign
decree decree
naming naming
Jon Jon
heir heir
whereabouts whereabouts
unknown unknown
Robbs Robbs
death death
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Sansa Sansa
hides hide
Eyrie Eyrie
murder murder
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
reminisces reminisces
fondly fondly
Winterfell Winterfell
makes make
castle castle
snow snow
likeness likeness
aid aid
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
Wall Wall
exchange exchange
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
recognizing recognizing
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
king king
Stannis Stannis
offers offer
legitimize legitimize
would would
make make
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
However However
Jon Jon
refuses refuse
Stannis Stannis
instead instead
becomes becomes
th th
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
informs informs
Lord Lord
Rodrik Rodrik
Harlaw Harlaw
ironborn ironborn
searched searched
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
found found
scattered scattered
bodies body
scavenged scavenged
wolves wolf
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
reminds reminds
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
hoped hoped
bestow bestow
Winterfell Winterfell
offer offer
thrown thrown
face face
Jon Jon
replies reply
right right
Winterfell Winterfell
go go
sister sister
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Stannis Stannis
asks asks
Jon Jon
eager eager
see see
Imp Imp
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
perched perched
Eddard Eddard
Starks Starks
seat seat
promises promise
Jon Jon
long long
Stannis Stannis
alive alive
happen happen
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
new new
Warden Warden
North North
moves move
wedding wedding
newlylegitimized newlylegitimized
son son
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
actually actually
Jeyne Jeyne
Poole Poole
Barrowton Barrowton
Winterfell Winterfell
Boltons Boltons
arrive arrive
Winterfell Winterfell
Roose Roose
finds find
ruined ruined
castle castle
refuge refuge
two two
dozen dozen
squatters squatter
tells tell
merciful merciful
serve serve
well well
used used
labor labor
partially partially
restore restore
Winterfell Winterfell
rebuild rebuild
burned burned
gates gate
raise raise
new new
roof roof
Great Great
Hall Hall
work work
completed completed
Roose Roose
hanged hanged
true true
word word
merciful merciful
flay flay
one one
Ramsay Ramsay
marries marries
Arya Arya
godswood godswood
becomes becomes
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
giving giving
Jeyne Jeyne
away away
Lord Lord
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
furnishes furnishes
wedding wedding
feast feast
asks asks
singer singer
Abel Abel
sing sing
Rat Rat
Cook Cook
winter winter
storm storm
hits hit
Winterfell Winterfell
squires squire
build build
snowmen snowman
battlements battlement
dozen dozen
snowy snowy
lords lord
built built
command command
including including
depictions depiction
Lord Lord
Manderly Manderly
Lord Lord
Harwood Harwood
Stout Stout
Lady Lady
Barbrey Barbrey
Dustin Dustin
Whoresbane Whoresbane
Umber Umber
battlements battlement
Theon Theon
Barbrey Barbrey
discover discover
swords sword
missing missing
crypts crypt
Tensions Tensions
heighten heighten
blizzard blizzard
several several
Freys Freys
northerners northerner
found found
dead dead
Freys Freys
fight fight
Manderly Manderly
men men
Roose Roose
sends sends
Freys Freys
main main
gate gate
Manderlys Manderlys
east east
gate gate
march march
Stanniss Stanniss
army army
said said
three three
days day
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
Amidst Amidst
commotion commotion
Theon Theon
Arya Arya
flee flee
castle castle
passing passing
Battlements Battlements
Gate Gate
climbing climbing
stair stair
battlements battlement
leaping leaping
snow snow
believed believed
among among
Stanniss Stanniss
army army
Arnolf Arnolf
Karstark Karstark
castellan castellan
Karhold Karhold
would would
receive receive
Winterfell Winterfell
taken taken
Boltons Boltons
Roose Roose
sent sent
Freys Freys
Manderlys Manderlys
well well
Ramsay Ramsay
men men
kept kept
much much
strength strength
behind behind
Winterfell Winterfell
According According
Theon Theon
brought brought
Stannis Stannis
Mors Mors
Umber Umber
Roose Roose
keeping keeping
men men
back back
reserve reserve
riverlands riverlands
weaken weaken
potential potential
rivals rival
Mors Mors
troops troop
built built
pits pit
outside outside
main main
gate gate
Freys Freys
ride ride
causing causing
Aenys Aenys
Frey Frey
break break
neck neck
Bran Bran
could could
perch perch
hours hour
among among
shapeless shapeless
rainworn rainworn
gargoyles gargoyle
brooded brooded
First First
Keep Keep
watching watching
men men
drilling drilling
wood wood
steel steel
yard yard
cooks cook
tending tending
vegetables vegetable
glass glass
garden garden
restless restless
dogs dog
running running
back back
forth forth
kennels kennel
silence silence
godswood godswood
girls girl
gossiping gossiping
beside beside
washing washing
well well
made made
feel feel
like like
lord lord
castle castle
way way
even even
Robb Robb
would would
never never
know know
taught taught
Winterfells Winterfells
secrets secret
builders builder
even even
leveled leveled
earth earth
hills hill
valleys valley
behind behind
walls wall
Winterfell Winterfell
covered covered
bridge bridge
went went
fourth fourth
floor floor
bell bell
tower tower
across across
second second
floor floor
rookery rookery
Bran Bran
knew knew
knew knew
could could
get get
inside inside
inner inner
wall wall
south south
gate gate
climb climb
three three
floors floor
run run
way way
around around
Winterfell Winterfell
narrow narrow
tunnel tunnel
stone stone
come come
ground ground
level level
north north
gate gate
hundred hundred
feet foot
wall wall
looming looming
Even Even
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
didnt didnt
know know
Bran Bran
convincedHe convincedHe
remembered remembered
Winterfell Winterfell
last last
seen seen
grotesquely grotesquely
huge huge
Harrenhal Harrenhal
solid solid
impregnable impregnable
look look
Storms Storms
End End
yet yet
great great
strength strength
stones stone
sense sense
within within
walls wall
man man
might might
feel feel
safe safe
news news
castle castle
’ ’
s s
fall fall
come come
wrenching wrenching
shockThe shockThe
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
would would
always always
StarkThe StarkThe
Prince Prince
Winterfell Winterfell
Winterfell Winterfell
burned burned
tumbled tumbled
people people
scattered scattered
slain slain
glass glass
gardens garden
smashed smashed
hot hot
water water
gushed gushed
cracked cracked
walls wall
steam steam
beneath beneath
sun sun
prince prince
someplace someplace
might might
never never
see see
againThe againThe
weirwood weirwood
heart heart
Winterfell Winterfell
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
always always
said said
save save
castle castle
Jon Jon
would would
tear tear
heart heart
ancient ancient
roots root
feed feed
red red
womans woman
hungry hungry
fire fire
god god
right right
Winterfell Winterfell
belongs belongs
old old
godsDrifting godsDrifting
snowflakes snowflake
brushed brushed
face face
light light
lover lover
’ ’
s s
kisses kiss
melted melted
cheeks cheek
center center
garden garden
beside beside
statue statue
weeping weeping
woman woman
lay lay
broken broken
halfburied halfburied
ground ground
turned turned
face face
sky sky
closed closed
eyes eye
could could
feel feel
snow snow
lashes lash
taste taste
lips lip
taste taste
Winterfell Winterfell
taste taste
innocence innocence
taste taste
dreamsPetyr dreamsPetyr
May May
come come
castle castle
ladySansa ladySansa
Don Don
’ ’
t t
break break
Petyr Petyr
gentle gentle
Winterfell Winterfell
withstood withstood
fiercer fiercer
enemies enemy
Winterfell Winterfell
notSansa notSansa
YesPetyr YesPetyr
used used
dream dream
years year
Cat Cat
went went
north north
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
dreams dream
ever ever
dark dark
place place
coldSansa coldSansa
always always
warm warm
even even
snowed snowed
Water Water
hot hot
springs spring
piped piped
walls wall
warm warm
inside inside
glass glass
gardens garden
always always
like like
hottest hottest
day day
summerWinterfell summerWinterfell
full full
ghosts ghost
Theon Theon
GreyjoyIt GreyjoyIt
home home
though though
true true
home home
best best
ever ever
knew knew
wolfswood wolfswood
large large
forest forest
north north
named named
great great
many many
wolves wolf
one one
hear hear
howling howling
night night
wolfswood wolfswood
stretches stretch
across across
northwestern northwestern
part part
north north
extends extends
far far
west west
Sea Sea
Dragon Dragon
Point Point
nearly nearly
far far
south south
Torrhens Torrhens
Square Square
bounded bounded
north north
Bay Bay
Ice Ice
northeast northeast
lands land
northern northern
mountain mountain
clans clan
east east
wolfswood wolfswood
reaches reach
Winterfell Winterfell
extends extends
north north
south south
seat seat
House House
Stark Stark
North North
Winterfell Winterfell
series series
hills hill
forest forest
southeastern southeastern
corner corner
wolfswood wolfswood
south south
Winterfell Winterfell
lake lake
tributary tributary
White White
Knife Knife
kingsroad kingsroad
also also
travels travel
north north
eastern eastern
edge edge
wolfswood wolfswood
wolfswood wolfswood
made made
oak oak
evergreen evergreen
black black
brier brier
well well
sentinels sentinel
soldier soldier
pines pine
hawthorn hawthorn
beech beech
ash ash
chestnuts chestnut
ironwoods ironwood
firs fir
Weirwoods Weirwoods
occasionally occasionally
found found
isolated isolated
pairs pair
contains contains
abundant abundant
timber timber
stone stone
Besides Besides
wolves wolf
animals animal
living living
wolfswood wolfswood
include include
badgers badger
bears bear
boar boar
deer deer
elk elk
fish fish
foxes fox
rabbits rabbit
treecats treecats
Even Even
deepest deepest
parts part
wolfswood wolfswood
crofters crofter
foresters forester
hunters hunter
wolfswood wolfswood
men men
accomplished accomplished
icefishing icefishing
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
wooden wooden
fastness fastness
House House
Glover Glover
sits sits
hill hill
within within
forest forest
near near
Bay Bay
Ice Ice
Families Families
clans clan
sworn sworn
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
include include
Houses Houses
Forrester Forrester
Woods Woods
Branch Branch
Bole Bole
skilled skilled
woodsmen woodsman
Starks Starks
Winterfell Winterfell
often often
hunt hunt
boar boar
forest forest
According According
traditions tradition
House House
Blackwood Blackwood
family family
controlled controlled
wolfswood wolfswood
driven driven
north north
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
Starks Starks
Winterfell Winterfell
Blackwoods Blackwoods
settled settled
Raventree Raventree
Hall Hall
riverlands riverlands
ruled ruled
kings king
coming coming
Andals Andals
Glovers Glovers
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
western western
wolfswood wolfswood
also also
kings king
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
reduced reduced
vassals vassal
Winterfell Winterfell
Parts Parts
wolfswood wolfswood
reduced reduced
ashes ash
Harrag Harrag
Hoare Hoare
King King
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Jory Jory
Cassel Cassel
brought brought
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
wolfswood wolfswood
fish fish
trout trout
rushing rushing
stream stream
near near
Winterfell Winterfell
En En
route route
Castle Castle
Black Black
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
travel travel
kingsroad kingsroad
eastern eastern
wolfswood wolfswood
met met
Yoren Yoren
wooden wooden
holdfast holdfast
near near
edge edge
forest forest
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
attacked attacked
deserters deserter
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
wildlings wildlings
including including
Osha Osha
riding riding
wolfswood wolfswood
near near
Winterfell Winterfell
hearing hearing
ironborn ironborn
threat threat
Torrhens Torrhens
Square Square
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
sends sends
ravens raven
White White
Harbor Harbor
barrowlands barrowlands
deepest deepest
parts part
wolfswood wolfswood
instructions instruction
summon summon
levies levy
ironborn ironborn
capture capture
Winterfell Winterfell
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
however however
Bran Bran
companions companion
Osha Osha
Hodor Hodor
Meera Meera
Jojen Jojen
Reed Reed
vanish vanish
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
follows follows
trail trail
leads lead
north north
northwest northwest
misty misty
wolfswood wolfswood
hunting hunting
party party
passes pass
near near
treacherous treacherous
gullies gully
stony stony
hills hill
deserted deserted
crofters crofter
cottage cottage
flooded flooded
quarry quarry
Unbeknownst Unbeknownst
Theon Theon
however however
Bran Bran
friends friend
hidden hidden
crypts crypt
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
companions companion
travel travel
north north
Wall Wall
Rather Rather
take take
kingsroad kingsroad
Winterfell Winterfell
detour detour
around around
western western
edge edge
hills hill
north north
castle castle
Bran Bran
protected protected
within within
Tumbledown Tumbledown
Tower Tower
Summer Summer
hunts hunt
wolfswood wolfswood
Summers Summers
mind mind
Bran Bran
considers considers
prince prince
green green
prince prince
wolfswood wolfswood
Deepwood Deepwood
Mootte Mootte
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
unable unable
see see
Bay Bay
Ice Ice
five five
leagues league
away away
thick thick
forest forest
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
learns learns
letter letter
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
crofters crofter
wolfswood wolfswood
joined joined
army army
fight fight
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
blizzard blizzard
host host
Stannis Stannis
travels travel
slowly slowly
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
army army
Stanniss Stanniss
men men
forced forced
make make
camp camp
crofters crofter
village village
eastern eastern
forest forest
mountains mountain
wall wall
west west
road road
veered veered
north north
northeast northeast
wood wood
forest forest
oak oak
evergreen evergreen
black black
brier brier
seemed seemed
older older
darker darker
Tyrion Tyrion
ever ever
seen seen
wolfswood wolfswood
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
called called
indeed indeed
nights night
came came
alive alive
howls howl
distant distant
packs pack
distantThe distantThe
wolfswood wolfswood
full full
danger danger
last last
ride ride
taught taught
thatWisps thatWisps
pale pale
mist mist
threaded threaded
trees tree
Sentinels Sentinels
soldier soldier
pines pine
grew grew
thick thick
nothing nothing
dark dark
gloomy gloomy
evergreen evergreen
forestThe forestThe
sea sea
closer closer
five five
leagues league
north north
Asha Asha
could could
see see
many many
hills hill
stood stood
way way
trees tree
many many
trees tree
wolfswood wolfswood
northmen northman
named named
forest forest
nights night
could could
hear hear
wolves wolf
calling calling
dark dark
ocean ocean
leaves leaf
Would Would
ocean ocean
waterIn waterIn
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Telltale Telltale
Games Games
Series Series
House House
Forresters Forresters
seat seat
Ironrath Ironrath
located located
edge edge
largest largest
ironwood ironwood
forest forest
Westeros Westeros
Forresters Forresters
control control
wolfswoods wolfswoods
ironwoods ironwood
rivals rival
House House
Whitehill Whitehill
Last Last
River River
river river
found found
northern northern
part part
North North
nearer nearer
Wall Wall
Winterfell Winterfell
Much Much
land land
either either
side side
river river
ruled ruled
House House
Umber Umber
Last Last
Rivers Rivers
headwaters headwater
number number
streams stream
northern northern
mountains mountain
flows flow
east east
past past
kingsroad kingsroad
Umber Umber
forest forest
containing containing
Last Last
Hearth Hearth
river river
continues continues
southeast southeast
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Karhold Karhold
Shivering Shivering
Sea Sea
ice ice
fishing fishing
northern northern
rivers river
Umbers Umbers
led led
Hother Hother
Mors Mors
come come
beyond beyond
Last Last
River River
attend attend
harvest harvest
feast feast
Winterfell Winterfell
Umbers Umbers
reported reported
gathering gathering
men men
beyond beyond
Last Last
River River
assist assist
recovery recovery
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
Greyjoys Greyjoys
ironborn ironborn
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
considers considers
marching marching
Castle Castle
Black Black
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
warns warns
Umbers Umbers
led led
Mors Mors
would would
cut cut
host host
pieces piece
Stannis Stannis
travels travel
past past
Last Last
River River
Lonely Lonely
Hills Hills
Stannis Stannis
instead instead
travels travel
west west
northern northern
mountain mountain
clans clan
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
fifth fifth
seven seven
planned planned
novels novel
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
series series
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
American American
author author
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
Despite Despite
original original
predictions prediction
possible possible
completion completion
late late
novel novel
released released
July July
Martin Martin
officially officially
finished finished
book book
April April
delivering delivering
page page
manuscript manuscript
hands hand
book book
editor editor
Anne Anne
Groell Groell
completing completing
office office
New New
York York
City City
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
name name
given given
civil civil
war war
prior prior
history history
Westeros Westeros
leading leading
much much
speculation speculation
novel novel
would would
feature feature
longawaited longawaited
invasion invasion
Westeros Westeros
army army
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
However However
ComicCon ComicCon
Martin Martin
said said
necessarily necessarily
title title
referring referring
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
originally originally
title title
second second
novel novel
sequence sequence
Martin Martin
still still
envisaged envisaged
series series
trilogy trilogy
early early
US US
editions edition
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
list list
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
forthcoming forthcoming
second second
volume volume
series series
also also
original original
planned planned
title title
fourth fourth
novel novel
Much Much
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
divided divided
UK UK
Mass Mass
Market Market
Paperback Paperback
editions edition
Steel Steel
Snow Snow
Blood Blood
Gold Gold
announced announced
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
would would
also also
published published
two two
volumes volume
named named
Dreams Dreams
Dust Dust
Feast Feast
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
set set
fictitious fictitious
world world
reminiscent reminiscent
medieval medieval
Europe Europe
primarily primarily
continent continent
called called
Westeros Westeros
except except
fact fact
world world
seasons season
last last
years year
occasionally occasionally
decades decade
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
picks pick
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
leaves leaf
runs run
simultaneously simultaneously
events event
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
seems seems
winding winding
north north
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
installed installed
Wall Wall
vowed vowed
win win
support support
northmen northman
continue continue
struggle struggle
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
although although
complicated complicated
fact fact
much much
west west
coast coast
occupation occupation
ironborn ironborn
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
elected elected
th th
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
enemies enemy
Watch Watch
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
taken taken
ship ship
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Pentos Pentos
eventual eventual
goals goal
unknown unknown
even even
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
conquered conquered
city city
Meereen Meereen
decided decided
stay stay
rule rule
city city
honing honing
skills skill
leadership leadership
needed needed
travels travel
Westeros Westeros
Daeneryss Daeneryss
presence presence
known known
many many
Westeros Westeros
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Dorne Dorne
Oldtown Oldtown
Free Free
Cities Cities
emissaries emissary
way way
find find
use use
cause cause
ends end
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
takes take
place place
year year
AC AC
partly partly
runs run
simultaneously simultaneously
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
continues continues
longer longer
year year
previous previous
book book
tale tale
told told
eyes eye
sixteen sixteen
POV POV
characters character
previous previous
volumes volume
oneoff oneoff
prologue prologue
epilogue epilogue
POV POV
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
beset beset
sides side
threats threat
danger danger
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
wants want
land land
waycastles waycastles
belonging belonging
Watch Watch
means mean
hand hand
fiefs fief
loyal loyal
supporters supporter
Others Others
continuing continuing
mass mass
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Mance Mance
Rayders Rayders
wildling wildling
host host
leaderless leaderless
smashed smashed
Stannis Stannis
events event
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
still still
numbers number
thousands thousand
Jon Jon
sees see
every every
wildling wildling
represents represents
another another
wight wight
Others Others
send send
Wall Wall
end end
takes take
great great
pains pain
court court
wildlings wildlings
winning winning
side side
uniting uniting
Watch Watch
common common
foe foe
however however
Jon Jon
loses loses
support support
many many
sworn sworn
brothers brother
Shortly Shortly
shepherding shepherding
large large
wilding wilding
host host
Wall Wall
stabbed stabbed
several several
members member
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
last last
chapter chapter
ending ending
falling falling
unconscious unconscious
Melisandre Melisandre
meanwhile meanwhile
burns burn
Rattleshirt Rattleshirt
disguised disguised
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
glamor glamor
Mance Mance
secretly secretly
lives life
disguised disguised
Rattleshirt Rattleshirt
Melisandre Melisandre
reveals reveals
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
grey grey
girl girl
dying dying
horse horse
interprets interprets
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
coming coming
kingsroad kingsroad
seek seek
asylum asylum
Jons Jons
permission permission
dispatches dispatch
Mance Mance
several several
spearwives spearwives
rescue rescue
girl girl
revealed revealed
actually actually
Alys Alys
Karstark Karstark
fleeing fleeing
manipulations manipulation
relatives relative
light light
fathers father
death death
taking taking
Jons Jons
advice advice
Stannis Stannis
able able
seize seize
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
allegiance allegiance
hill hill
folk folk
Karstarks Karstarks
Glovers Glovers
Mormonts Mormonts
half half
Umbers Umbers
moves move
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
taken taken
seat seat
ruins ruin
Winterfell Winterfell
half half
northern northern
bannermen bannermen
last last
report report
gloating gloating
letter letter
Ramsays Ramsays
handwriting handwriting
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
smashed smashed
king king
slain slain
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
sent sent
treat treat
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
Lord Lord
White White
Harbor Harbor
hopes hope
bringing bringing
Stanniss Stanniss
cause cause
finds find
Mermans Mermans
Court Court
infested infested
Freys Freys
claims claim
Manderlys Manderlys
older older
son son
Wylis Wylis
slain slain
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Wyman Wyman
yields yield
insistence insistence
Davos Davos
imprisoned imprisoned
However However
Davos Davos
continues continues
narrate narrate
long long
chronological chronological
moment moment
queen queen
received received
word word
death death
kept kept
genteel genteel
imprisonment imprisonment
Wolfs Wolfs
Den Den
eventually eventually
freed freed
Robett Robett
Glover Glover
joined joined
Lord Lord
Manderly Manderly
presenting presenting
friendly friendly
face face
Freys Freys
whilst whilst
secretly secretly
plotting plotting
downfall downfall
especially especially
Cersei Cersei
released released
Wendel Wendel
Wyman Wyman
introduces introduces
Davos Davos
ironborn ironborn
squire squire
Wex Wex
Pyke Pyke
formerly formerly
service service
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
survived survived
sack sack
Winterfell Winterfell
hiding hiding
tree tree
observed observed
six six
survivors survivor
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Jojen Jojen
Meera Meera
Reed Reed
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
Osha Osha
Hodor Hodor
fleeing fleeing
ruins ruin
Davos Davos
commissioned commissioned
retrieve retrieve
Rickon Rickon
island island
Skagos Skagos
succeed succeed
House House
Manderly Manderly
vassals vassal
join join
Stanniss Stanniss
cause cause
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
lately lately
fled fled
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
unsuccessful unsuccessful
bid bid
kingsmoot kingsmoot
saw saw
uncle uncle
Euron Euron
crowned crowned
sleeps sleep
Qarl Qarl
Maid Maid
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
captured captured
Stanniss Stanniss
assault assault
Deepwood Deepwood
however however
taken taken
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
fierce fierce
blizzard blizzard
slows slows
progress progress
Stannis Stannis
halts halt
march march
crofters crofter
village village
Meanwhile Meanwhile
creature creature
known known
Reek Reek
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Ramsay Ramsay
tortured tortured
psychologically psychologically
abused abused
adopting adopting
new new
identity identity
released released
Ramsay Ramsay
convince convince
ironbornheld ironbornheld
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
surrender surrender
thus thus
allowing allowing
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
contingent contingent
Freys Freys
northerners northerner
escaped escaped
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
return return
home home
comes come
Ramsays Ramsays
new new
bride bride
girl girl
calling calling
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Recognizing Recognizing
Jeyne Jeyne
Poole Poole
daughter daughter
Winterfells Winterfells
former former
steward steward
Reek Reek
warns warns
adopt adopt
new new
identity identity
lest lest
Ramsay Ramsay
displeased displeased
bard bard
Abel Abel
washerwomen washerwoman
take take
interest interest
Reek Reek
unknown unknown
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
spearwives spearwives
disguise disguise
Several Several
Rooses Rooses
supporters supporter
mysteriously mysteriously
died died
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
begins begin
regain regain
identity identity
spearwives spearwives
help help
Theon Theon
smuggle smuggle
Jeyne Jeyne
castle castle
eventually eventually
pair pair
reach reach
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
narrative narrative
leaves leaf
Ramsays Ramsays
letter letter
Jon Jon
mentions mention
wants want
wife wife
Reek Reek
back back
suggesting suggesting
least least
able able
escape escape
slaughter slaughter
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Meereen Meereen
finds find
crown crown
lying lying
uneasy uneasy
head head
Though Though
rules rule
Meereen Meereen
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
pick pick
men men
socalled socalled
shadow shadow
war war
Many Many
Meereenese Meereenese
citizens citizen
resent resent
new new
order order
things thing
number number
cities city
eventually eventually
take take
arms arm
slave slave
trade trade
abolished abolished
one one
cornerstones cornerstone
economy economy
region region
idea idea
tame tame
dragons dragon
ranging ranging
far far
wide wide
eating eating
whatever whatever
feel feel
like like
including including
children child
Danerys Danerys
visited visited
Quaithe Quaithe
warns warns
others others
descending descending
Soon Soon
comes come
pale pale
mare mare
others others
Kraken Kraken
dark dark
flame flame
lion lion
griffin griffin
suns sun
son son
mummers mummer
dragon dragon
lion lion
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
lately lately
fled fled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
accusations accusation
regicide regicide
kinslaying kinslaying
smuggled smuggled
Pentos Pentos
help help
Varys Varys
left left
care care
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
supporter supporter
Daenerys Daenerys
Tyrion Tyrion
decides decides
offer offer
services service
makes make
journey journey
company company
tall tall
taciturn taciturn
knight knight
Griff Griff
son son
Young Young
Griff Griff
Tyrion Tyrion
takes take
note note
care care
Young Young
Griff Griff
tutored tutored
well well
coloring coloring
deduces deduces
boy boy
actually actually
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
longbelieveddead longbelieveddead
son son
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Elia Elia
Dorne Dorne
father father
Griff Griff
actually actually
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
Whilst Whilst
town town
Selhorys Selhorys
Tyrion Tyrion
waylaid waylaid
Penny Penny
dwarf dwarf
woman woman
hired hired
entertainment entertainment
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheons Baratheons
royal royal
wedding wedding
whose whose
brother brother
performing performing
partner partner
killed killed
Cerseis Cerseis
purge purge
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
kidnaps kidnaps
prize prize
win win
way way
back back
Daeneryss Daeneryss
graces grace
Unfortunately Unfortunately
Selaesori Selaesori
Qhoran Qhoran
ship ship
Mormont Mormont
hires hire
take take
Volantis Volantis
waylaid waylaid
slavers slaver
Tyrion Tyrion
Penny Penny
sold sold
markets market
shadow shadow
Meereen Meereen
claiming claiming
entertainment entertainment
act act
Tyrion Tyrion
sneaks sneak
way way
camp camp
Second Second
Sons Sons
led led
Brown Brown
Ben Ben
Plumm Plumm
Tyrion Tyrion
pledges pledge
sword sword
another another
step step
getting getting
closer closer
Daenerys Daenerys
kraken kraken
Victarion Victarion
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Captain Captain
Iron Iron
Fleet Fleet
sails sail
forces force
east east
towards towards
Meereen Meereen
Victarion Victarion
given given
possession possession
Eurons Eurons
dragonbinding dragonbinding
horn horn
also also
comes come
across across
red red
priest priest
Moqorro Moqorro
last last
seen seen
Tyrions Tyrions
ship ship
washed washed
overboard overboard
long long
slavers slaver
attacked attacked
Moqorro Moqorro
brings brings
Victarion Victarion
believe believe
Rhllor Rhllor
Lord Lord
Light Light
demonstrating demonstrating
power power
claims claim
know know
use use
dragon dragon
horn horn
safely safely
Victarions Victarions
men men
call call
priest priest
Black Black
Flame Flame
Moqorro Moqorro
proves prof
difficult difficult
pronounce pronounce
Prince Prince
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Sunspear Sunspear
traveling traveling
east east
well well
parchment parchment
signed signed
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
many many
years year
ago ago
establishing establishing
elder elder
sister sister
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
wed wed
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
comes come
age age
Prince Prince
Dorans Dorans
wish wish
Quentyn Quentyn
Daenerys Daenerys
stand stand
place place
deceased deceased
elder elder
siblings sibling
matter matter
arrives arrives
late late
finding finding
Daenerys Daenerys
enter enter
political political
marriage marriage
Meereenese Meereenese
noble noble
Quentyn Quentyn
left left
bad bad
position position
new new
husband husband
tries try
poisoned poisoned
tactic tactic
notorious notorious
Quentyns Quentyns
uncle uncle
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
lastditch lastditch
effort effort
prove prove
worth worth
Quentyn Quentyn
visits visit
Danys Danys
two two
dragons dragon
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
attempts attempt
tame tame
dies dy
burns burn
three three
days day
later later
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
never never
arrive arrive
Meereen Meereen
hired hired
Golden Golden
Company Company
group group
sellswords sellswords
founded founded
Westerosi Westerosi
exiles exile
company company
Aegon Aegon
shows show
listened listened
Tyrions Tyrions
counsel counsel
time time
together together
despite despite
Tyrion Tyrion
admonishing admonishing
trust trust
one one
especially especially
suggests suggests
attacking attacking
Westeros Westeros
establishing establishing
beachhead beachhead
Daenerys Daenerys
later later
reinforce reinforce
Aegon Aegon
seeks seek
Daeneryss Daeneryss
hand hand
keenly keenly
aware aware
must must
something something
worthwhile worthwhile
offer offer
besides besides
bloodline bloodline
nephew nephew
first first
conquest conquest
landing landing
Golden Golden
Company Company
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
Conningtons Conningtons
former former
seat seat
relief relief
exiled exiled
lord lord
contracted contracted
terminal terminal
disease disease
greyscale greyscale
travels travel
main main
target target
Storms Storms
End End
siege siege
Aegon Aegon
proposes proposes
lead lead
Unlike Unlike
symbolism symbolism
Quaithes Quaithes
references reference
pale pale
mare mare
literal literal
horse horse
carrying carrying
refugee refugee
Astapor Astapor
brings brings
gift gift
plague plague
coincidence coincidence
contract contract
said said
riding riding
pale pale
mare mare
bloody bloody
flux flux
ravages ravage
Meereenese Meereenese
armies army
Yunkish Yunkish
slaves slave
sellsword sellsword
companies company
drawn drawn
attack attack
advent advent
allows allows
Tyrion Tyrion
Penny Penny
Jorah Jorah
escape escape
captivity captivity
amongst amongst
things thing
advice advice
councilors councilors
Daenerys Daenerys
marries marries
Hizdahr Hizdahr
zo zo
Loraq Loraq
leading leading
noble noble
able able
pacify pacify
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
broker broker
ceasefire ceasefire
Meereen Meereen
aggressors aggressor
include include
Volantis Volantis
Qarth Qarth
Yunkai Yunkai
however however
gives give
attraction attraction
Daario Daario
Naharis Naharis
ceremony ceremony
also also
locks lock
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
away away
keep keep
eating eating
anyone anyone
unable unable
capture capture
Drogon Drogon
escapes escape
wild wild
part part
wedding wedding
feast feast
Daenerys Daenerys
goes go
wishes wish
allows allows
fighting fighting
pits pit
Meereen Meereen
reopen reopen
present present
first first
pit pit
fighting fighting
games game
Drogon Drogon
drawn drawn
noise noise
chaos chaos
Daenerys Daenerys
leaps leap
Drogons Drogons
back back
two two
fly fly
away away
Daznaks Daznaks
Pit Pit
leaving leaving
Meereen Meereen
largely largely
hands hand
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
takes take
rulership rulership
narration narration
Barristan Barristan
becomes becomes
convinced convinced
Hizdahr Hizdahr
trying trying
poison poison
Daenerys Daenerys
sweetmeat sweetmeat
offered offered
turned turned
almost almost
kill kill
Strong Strong
Belwas Belwas
ate ate
instead instead
able able
organize organize
coup coup
Hizdahr Hizdahr
Barristans Barristans
attempts attempt
rebroker rebroker
peace peace
fail fail
war war
begins begin
earnest earnest
final final
chapter chapter
aside aside
epilogue epilogue
Daeneryss Daeneryss
attempts attempt
return return
foot foot
Meereen Meereen
hill hill
southern southern
reaches reach
Dothraki Dothraki
sea sea
Drogon Drogon
taken taken
haunt haunt
encountered encountered
khalasar khalasar
Khal Khal
Jhaqo Jhaqo
novel novel
ends end
chapters chapter
deal deal
fate fate
trainee trainee
House House
Black Black
White White
girl girl
formerly formerly
known known
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
currently currently
blind blind
revealed revealed
blindness blindness
yet yet
another another
step step
training training
maintained maintained
potion potion
given given
every every
night night
refuses refuse
antidote antidote
knowing knowing
yield yield
released released
training training
passing passing
blind blind
portion portion
regimen regimen
successfully successfully
orchestrating orchestrating
assassination assassination
hated hated
insurance insurance
agent agent
officially officially
advanced advanced
training training
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Kingslayer Kingslayer
travels travel
Raventree Raventree
Hall Hall
seat seat
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Blackwood Blackwood
rival rival
Lord Lord
Jonos Jonos
Bracken Bracken
commands command
siege siege
Raventree Raventree
Tytos Tytos
final final
bannerman bannerman
Robb Robb
Starks Starks
still still
arms arm
yields yield
presented presented
someone someone
surrender surrender
lifelong lifelong
feud feud
night night
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
arrives arrives
Jaimes Jaimes
campsite campsite
claiming claiming
found found
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
take take
ser ser
need need
come come
alone alone
Elsewise Elsewise
Hound Hound
kill kill
falsehood falsehood
revealed revealed
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Brienne Brienne
knows know
Arya Arya
last last
seen seen
alone alone
Saltpans Saltpans
Hound Hound
dead dead
buried buried
source source
trusts trust
motivation motivation
lie lie
yet yet
explained explained
Presumably Presumably
however however
given given
actions action
end end
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
leading leading
Lady Lady
Stoneheart Stoneheart
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
captain captain
guards guard
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
observes observes
goingson goingson
Sunspear Sunspear
Doran Doran
reveals reveals
late late
brother brother
Oberyns Oberyns
mistress mistress
Ellaria Ellaria
Sand Sand
Oberyns Oberyns
daughters daughter
Nymeria Nymeria
Tyene Tyene
Obara Obara
Sand Sand
convinced convinced
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
lie lie
events event
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martells Martells
botched botched
queenmaking queenmaking
attempt attempt
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakheart Oakheart
slain slain
Myrcella Myrcella
injured injured
Ser Ser
Gerold Gerold
Dayne Dayne
called called
Darkstar Darkstar
Since Since
Myrcella Myrcella
lost lost
ear ear
begin begin
agreed agreed
claim claim
Darkstar Darkstar
slew slew
Arys Arys
well well
Doran Doran
also also
decided decided
deny deny
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannisters Lannisters
request request
son son
Prince Prince
Trystane Trystane
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Myrcella Myrcella
ambush ambush
planned planned
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannisters Lannisters
name name
would would
result result
Trystanes Trystanes
death death
Doran Doran
dispatches dispatch
Nym Nym
Tyene Tyene
instead instead
one one
take take
small small
council council
seat seat
join join
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
thus thus
giving giving
eyes eye
ears ear
capital capital
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
continues continues
captivity captivity
Great Great
Sept Sept
period period
enforced enforced
sleeplessness sleeplessness
confesses confesses
High High
Septon Septon
charges charge
fornication fornication
incest incest
Lancel Lancel
though though
adultery adultery
slaying slaying
King King
Robert Robert
gains gain
right right
receive receive
visitors visitor
particularly particularly
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
reveals reveals
news news
Myrcellas Myrcellas
injury injury
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakhearts Oakhearts
death death
Dorne Dorne
Cersei Cersei
relieved relieved
allows allows
name name
Qyburns Qyburns
silent silent
champion champion
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Strong Strong
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Oakhearts Oakhearts
place place
giving giving
chance chance
win win
trial trial
combat combat
Eventually Eventually
released released
Red Red
Keep Keep
spend spend
time time
son son
trial trial
must must
walk walk
entire entire
way way
naked naked
suffering suffering
humiliation humiliation
smallfolk smallfolk
epilogue epilogue
closes close
novel novel
viewpoint viewpoint
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
late late
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
staunchest staunchest
supporter supporter
current current
regent regent
light light
Cerseis Cerseis
judicial judicial
troubles trouble
supping supping
Cersei Cersei
King King
Tommen Tommen
noting noting
nieces niece
nowbroken nowbroken
spirit spirit
Kevan Kevan
called called
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelles Pycelles
quarters quarter
receive receive
white white
raven raven
Citadel Citadel
Oldtown Oldtown
traditional traditional
sign sign
winter winter
come come
Kevan Kevan
finds find
Pycelle Pycelle
dead dead
regent regent
assassinated assassinated
Varys Varys
threatening threatening
undo undo
queens queen
good good
work work
reconcile reconcile
Highgarden Highgarden
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
bind bind
Faith Faith
little little
king king
unite unite
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Tommens Tommens
rule rule
Kevan Kevan
dead dead
Varys Varys
claims claim
way way
opened opened
Aegon Aegon
assume assume
throne throne
Martin Martin
offered offered
glimpses glimpse
book book
several several
times time
Published Published
website website
Published Published
promotionally promotionally
Bantam Bantam
Read Read
conventions convention
events event
perhaps perhaps
incompletely incompletely
fourth fourth
novel novel
series series
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
published published
missing missing
many many
key key
characters character
book book
gotten gotten
far far
large large
publish publish
one one
volume volume
Rather Rather
simply simply
split split
half half
publish publish
Part Part
Part Part
Martin Martin
decided decided
split split
book book
character character
location location
decision decision
apparently apparently
inspired inspired
conversation conversation
Martins Martins
friend friend
fellow fellow
writer writer
Daniel Daniel
Abraham Abraham
Thus Thus
characters character
south south
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
new new
locations location
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Dorne Dorne
appeared appeared
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Characters Characters
North North
across across
sea sea
held held
back back
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
appear appear
volumes volume
Approximately Approximately
onethird onethird
published published
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
consists consists
material material
written written
presplit presplit
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
although although
much much
rewritten rewritten
Martin Martin
Martin Martin
also also
promised promised
try try
include include
catchup catchup
chapters chapter
end end
novel novel
reveal reveal
happened happened
novels novel
characters character
cliffhanger cliffhanger
endings ending
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
Jaime Jaime
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
second second
form form
split split
occurred occurred
involving involving
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
book book
originally originally
published published
single single
volume volume
middle middle
starting starting
around around
March March
many many
English English
language language
editions edition
designed designed
two two
volumes volume
similar similar
decision decision
taken taken
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
first first
half half
split split
editions edition
subtitled subtitled
Dreams Dreams
Dust Dust
second second
half half
received received
subtitle subtitle
Feast Feast
supposedly supposedly
include include
chapters chapter
happen happen
chronologically chronologically
end end
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
page page
Arya Arya
passes pass
Cult Cult
Starry Starry
Wisdom Wisdom
organization organization
originated originated
H H
P P
Lovecrafts Lovecrafts
short short
story story
Haunter Haunter
Dark Dark
English English
language language
editions edition
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
published published
Random Random
House House
United United
States States
way way
division division
Bantam Bantam
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
United United
Kingdom Kingdom
book book
first first
published published
July July
hardcovers hardcover
Bantam Bantam
Harper Harper
Collins Collins
March March
first first
MMP MMP
Mass Mass
Market Market
Paperbacks Paperbacks
published published
editions edition
also also
exist exist
American American
MMP MMP
greatly greatly
expected expected
financial financial
considerations consideration
due due
promise promise
new new
sample sample
chapter chapter
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Bloodmoon Bloodmoon
production production
title title
HBOs HBOs
first first
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
spinoff spinoff
series series
colloquially colloquially
referred referred
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Long Long
Night Night
set set
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
millennia millennium
original original
TV TV
series series
intended intended
depict depict
events event
Long Long
Night Night
one one
multiple multiple
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
prequel prequel
projects project
actively actively
considered considered
development development
HBO HBO
Jane Jane
Goldman Goldman
serve serve
showrunner showrunner
George George
RR RR
Martin Martin
SJ SJ
Clarkson Clarkson
James James
Farrell Farrell
Jim Jim
Danger Danger
Gray Gray
Vince Vince
Gerardis Gerardis
Daniel Daniel
Zelman Zelman
Chris Chris
Symes Symes
attached attached
executive executive
producers producer
October October
confirmed confirmed
spinoff spinoff
officially officially
canceled canceled
June June
HBO HBO
put put
press press
release release
ordered ordered
pilot pilot
episode episode
prequel prequel
pitch pitch
Jane Jane
Goldman Goldman
George George
RR RR
Martin Martin
attached attached
coproducer coproducer
provided provided
short short
description description
prequel prequel
Taking Taking
place place
thousands thousand
years year
events event
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
series series
chronicles chronicle
worlds world
descent descent
golden golden
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
darkest darkest
hour hour
one one
thing thing
sure sure
horrifying horrifying
secrets secret
Westeross Westeross
history history
true true
origin origin
White White
Walkers Walkers
mysteries mystery
East East
Starks Starks
legendits legendits
story story
think think
know know
Martin Martin
stated stated
interview interview
New New
York York
Times Times
November November
set set
thousands thousand
years year
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
exist exist
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
exist exist
dragons dragon
George George
RR RR
Martin Martin
unofficially unofficially
referred referred
show show
Long Long
Night Night
although although
title title
Bloodmoon Bloodmoon
used used
instead instead
production production
title title
November November
Martin Martin
said said
HBO HBO
informed informed
Jane Jane
Goldman Goldman
pilot pilot
yet yet
titled titled
LONG LONG
NIGHT NIGHT
certainly certainly
title title
prefer prefer
moment moment
pilot pilot
still still
officially officially
UNTITLED UNTITLED
Somea Somea
culpa culpa
mea mea
culpa culpa
mea mea
culpa culpa
Elsewise Elsewise
pilot pilot
coming coming
along along
well well
casting casting
falling falling
place place
Jane Jane
Goldman Goldman
announced announced
head head
writer writer
showrunner showrunner
also also
known known
contrast contrast
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
series series
full full
writing writing
staff staff
Benioff Benioff
Weiss Weiss
Cogman Cogman
writers writer
series series
aside aside
guest guest
writers writer
earlier earlier
George George
RR RR
Martins Martins
actual actual
level level
involvement involvement
creating creating
writing writing
Bloodmoon Bloodmoon
largely largely
tangential tangential
advisory advisory
role role
interview interview
New New
York York
Times Times
November November
Martin Martin
explained explained
didnt didnt
unpublished unpublished
notes note
Long Long
Night Night
plans plan
develop develop
narrative narrative
interview interview
New New
York York
Times Times
Martin Martin
stressed stressed
Long Long
Night Night
prequel prequel
mostly mostly
creation creation
Jane Jane
Goldman Goldman
words word
look look
published published
books book
far far
theres there
really really
little little
material material
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
Long Long
Night Night
sentence sentence
sentence sentence
Old Old
Nan Nan
tells tell
tale tale
takes take
paragraph paragraph
Jane Jane
create create
characters character
settings setting
events event
look look
everything everything
said said
say say
OK OK
here here
’ ’
s s
said said
point point
need need
make make
consistent consistent
kicked kicked
around around
ideas idea
made made
suggestions suggestion
mostly mostly
Jane Jane
running running
Long Long
Night Night
Westerosi Westerosi
refer refer
period period
terrible terrible
darkness darkness
fell fell
across across
Known Known
World World
occurred occurred
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
approximately approximately
eight eight
thousand thousand
years year
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
midst midst
great great
winter winter
lasted lasted
years year
Long Long
Night Night
lasted lasted
generation generation
laid laid
waste waste
famine famine
terror terror
According According
Westerosi Westerosi
legends legend
midst midst
darkness darkness
race race
apparent apparent
demons demon
called called
Others Others
emerged emerged
uttermost uttermost
north north
Westeros Westeros
polar polar
regions region
Lands Lands
Always Always
Winter Winter
wielded wielded
razorthin razorthin
swords sword
ice ice
raised raised
wights wight
fight fight
living living
children child
forest forest
allies ally
First First
Men Men
fought fought
valiantly valiantly
driven driven
southwards southward
advance advance
Others Others
eventually eventually
checked checked
discovered discovered
weapons weapon
made made
dragonglass dragonglass
could could
kill kill
Legends Legends
north north
claim claim
last last
hero hero
made made
contact contact
children child
first first
members member
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
drove drove
Others Others
back back
Battle Battle
Dawn Dawn
Steps Steps
taken taken
ensure ensure
people people
would would
never never
caught caught
guard guard
invasion invasion
north north
Bran Bran
Builder Builder
supposedly supposedly
raised raised
Wall Wall
imposing imposing
structure structure
solid solid
ice ice
magic magic
stretching stretching
one one
hundred hundred
leagues league
Gorge Gorge
west west
Shivering Shivering
Sea Sea
east east
cutting cutting
Lands Lands
Always Always
Winter Winter
remainder remainder
Westeros Westeros
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
guarded guarded
Wall Wall
protected protected
people people
threats threat
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Rhoynar Rhoynar
tell tell
darkness darkness
made made
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Essos Essos
dwindle dwindle
disappear disappear
waters water
frozen frozen
far far
south south
joining joining
Selhoru Selhoru
hero hero
convinced convinced
many many
children child
Mother Mother
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Crab Crab
King King
Old Old
Man Man
River River
put put
aside aside
bickering bickering
join join
secret secret
song song
brought brought
back back
day day
legends legend
East East
including including
Yi Yi
Ti Ti
state state
Blood Blood
Betrayal Betrayal
began began
Long Long
Night Night
Lion Lion
Night Night
unleashed unleashed
upon upon
world world
MaidenMadeofLight MaidenMadeofLight
turned turned
back back
According According
legend legend
Yi Yi
Ti Ti
Long Long
Night Night
sun sun
hid hid
face face
lifetime lifetime
ashamed ashamed
something something
none none
could could
discover discover
disaster disaster
averted averted
deeds deed
woman woman
monkeys monkey
tail tail
great great
hero hero
known known
different different
cultures culture
Azor Azor
Ahai Ahai
Hyrkoon Hyrkoon
Hero Hero
Yin Yin
Tar Tar
Neferion Neferion
Eldric Eldric
Shadowchaser Shadowchaser
wielded wielded
flaming flaming
sword sword
Lightbringer Lightbringer
led led
humanity humanity
victory victory
say say
Five Five
Forts Forts
built built
Pearl Pearl
Emperor Emperor
guard guard
Lion Lion
Night Night
demons demon
legend legend
Azor Azor
Ahai Ahai
spread spread
Asshai Asshai
especially especially
prevalent prevalent
among among
followers follower
Rhllor Rhllor
later later
prophecy prophecy
claims claim
Others Others
return return
Azor Azor
Ahai Ahai
reborn reborn
lead lead
fight fight
also also
similar similar
prophecy prophecy
prince prince
promised promised
Melisandre Melisandre
red red
priestess priestess
Asshai Asshai
believes belief
another another
long long
night night
oldest oldest
histories history
written written
Andals Andals
came came
Westeros Westeros
First First
Men Men
left left
us u
runes rune
rocks rock
everything everything
know know
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
Dawn Dawn
Age Age
Long Long
Night Night
comes come
accounts account
set set
septons septons
thousands thousand
years year
later later
archmaesters archmaesters
Citadel Citadel
question question
Castamere Castamere
CastamereN CastamereN
ReyneTarbeck ReyneTarbeck
revolt revolt
uprising uprising
westerlands westerlands
AC AC
Houses Houses
Reyne Reyne
Tarbeck Tarbeck
renounced renounced
fealty fealty
rose rose
Lannister Lannister
overlords overlord
due due
perceived perceived
weakness weakness
Lord Lord
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Tytos Tytos
Lannister Lannister
revolt revolt
crushed crushed
Tytoss Tytoss
heir heir
Ser Ser
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Lord Lord
Robert Robert
Reyne Reyne
Lord Lord
Castamere Castamere
succesful succesful
arranging arranging
betrothal betrothal
daughter daughter
Ellyn Ellyn
Tywald Tywald
Lannister Lannister
heir heir
Lord Lord
Gerold Gerold
Lannister Lannister
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
However However
Ellyns Ellyns
betrothed betrothed
father father
slain slain
Peake Peake
Uprising Uprising
AC AC
Ellyn Ellyn
strongwilled strongwilled
hottempered hottempered
willing willing
give give
dream dream
becoming becoming
Lady Lady
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
something something
anticipating anticipating
years year
convinced convinced
Lord Lord
Gerolds Gerolds
second second
son son
Tion Tion
break break
betrothal betrothal
marry marry
instead instead
succesfull succesfull
Ellyn Ellyn
Tion Tion
wed wed
AC AC
causing causing
Ellyn Ellyn
become become
Lady Lady
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
name name
Lord Lord
Gerold Gerold
widowed widowed
Ellyn Ellyn
used used
position position
support support
position position
family family
AC AC
became became
widow widow
Tion Tion
died died
Fourth Fourth
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Ellyns Ellyns
influence influence
dwindled dwindled
Lord Lord
Gerold Gerold
assumed assumed
control control
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
began began
prepare prepare
younger younger
son son
Tytos Tytos
future future
lordship lordship
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
Ellyn Ellyn
first first
claimed claimed
pregnant pregnant
shortly shortly
Tions Tions
death death
time time
passed passed
belly belly
remained remained
flat flat
concluded concluded
pregnancy pregnancy
lie lie
Thereafter Thereafter
Reynes Reynes
departed departed
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Castamere Castamere
Due Due
Widows Widows
Law Law
Ellyn Ellyn
remained remained
Rock Rock
influence influence
declining declining
sharply sharply
AC AC
Ellyn Ellyn
made made
another another
claim claim
position position
desired desired
attempted attempted
bed bed
Tytos Tytos
Lord Lord
Gerolds Gerolds
new new
heir heir
young young
Tytos Tytos
intimidated intimidated
Ellyn Ellyn
unable unable
perform perform
confessed confessed
happened happened
wife wife
Lady Lady
Jeyne Jeyne
Marbrand Marbrand
related related
tale tale
Lord Lord
Gerold Gerold
Gerold Gerold
acted acted
Ellyn Ellyn
hastily hastily
married married
twicewidowed twicewidowed
Walderan Walderan
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Lord Lord
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
rivalry rivalry
Ellyn Ellyn
Jeyne Jeyne
begun begun
years year
past past
would would
continue continue
many many
years year
come come
Tytos Tytos
became became
Lord Lord
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Warden Warden
West West
AC AC
death death
Lord Lord
Gerold Gerold
Tytos Tytos
desired desired
loved loved
willing willing
forgive forgive
people people
quickly quickly
Many Many
saw saw
weakness weakness
many many
Tytoss Tytoss
bannermen bannermen
merchants merchant
Lannisport Lannisport
Kayce Kayce
borrowed borrowed
money money
without without
paying paying
debts debt
brothers brother
Lady Lady
Ellyn Ellyn
borrowed borrowed
gold gold
House House
Lannister Lannister
well well
used used
restore restore
crumbling crumbling
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
power power
House House
Lannister Lannister
grew grew
less le
even even
beyond beyond
westerlands westerlands
people people
began began
realize realize
Lannisters Lannisters
longer longer
feared feared
Lord Lord
Tytoss Tytoss
eldest eldest
three three
sons son
left left
fight fight
War War
Ninepenny Ninepenny
Kings Kings
AC AC
Tywin Tywin
Tytoss Tytoss
heir heir
returned returned
Stepstones Stepstones
brothers brother
Kevan Kevan
Tygett Tygett
took took
upon upon
restore restore
power power
House House
Lannister Lannister
despite despite
Tytoss Tytoss
reluctance reluctance
Tywin Tywin
demanded demanded
repayment repayment
fathers father
loans loan
could could
pay pay
ordered ordered
send send
hostages hostage
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Kevan Kevan
formed formed
new new
company company
five five
hundred hundred
veterans veteran
aid aid
Tywin Tywin
Lord Lord
Roger Roger
Reyne Reyne
Ellyns Ellyns
older older
brother brother
laughed laughed
read read
Tywins Tywins
edicts edict
advised advised
friends friend
vassals vassal
nothing nothing
Lord Lord
Walderan Walderan
Tarbeck Tarbeck
hoped hoped
convince convince
Tytos Tytos
rescind rescind
Tywins Tywins
edicts edict
traveled traveled
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
instead instead
imprisoned imprisoned
Tywin Tywin
return return
wife wife
Ellyn Ellyn
seized seized
three three
Lannisters Lannisters
– –
two two
Lannisters Lannisters
Lannisport Lannisport
Stafford Stafford
Lannister Lannister
whose whose
sister sister
Joanna Joanna
betrothed betrothed
Tywin Tywin
– –
threatened threatened
harm harm
unless unless
husband husband
returned returned
Tytos Tytos
ignored ignored
Tywins Tywins
suggestion suggestion
sending sending
Lord Lord
Walderan Walderan
back back
wife wife
three three
pieces piece
one one
every every
Lannister Lannister
taken taken
instead instead
returned returned
Walderan Walderan
unharmed unharmed
addition addition
forgave forgave
Tarbeck Tarbeck
debt debt
House House
Lannister Lannister
Ser Ser
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
remained remained
determined determined
defeat defeat
disloyal disloyal
vassals vassal
House House
Lannister Lannister
AC AC
less le
year year
exchange exchange
captives captive
Tywin Tywin
sent sent
ravens raven
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
Castamere Castamere
demanding demanding
answers answer
crimes crime
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
expected expected
Lord Lord
Roger Roger
Ser Ser
Reynard Reynard
Reyne Reyne
well well
Lord Lord
Walderan Walderan
Lady Lady
Ellyn Ellyn
Tarbeck Tarbeck
rose rose
rebellion rebellion
renouncing renouncing
fealthy fealthy
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Without Without
permission permission
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Lannister Lannister
Tywin Tywin
marched marched
upstart upstart
vassals vassal
three three
thousand thousand
menatarms menatarms
crossbowmen crossbowmen
five five
hundred hundred
knights knight
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
host host
joined joined
march march
troops troop
House House
Marbrand Marbrand
House House
Prester Prester
well well
dozen dozen
lesser lesser
lords lord
although although
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
appear appear
count count
soldiersN soldiersN
Lannisters Lannisters
marched marched
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
suddenly suddenly
Lord Lord
Walderan Walderan
Tarbeck Tarbeck
time time
rally rally
banners banner
met met
Lannister Lannister
host host
battle battle
household household
knights knight
short short
bloody bloody
battle battle
ensued ensued
Tarbecks Tarbecks
butchered butchered
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
Lord Lord
Walderans Walderans
heir heir
surviving surviving
son son
first first
marriage marriage
died died
battle battle
Walderan Walderan
taken taken
alive alive
two two
sons son
second second
marriage marriage
Though Though
Walderan Walderan
expected expected
ransomed ransomed
executed executed
heads head
Walderan Walderan
sons son
impaled impaled
spears spear
led led
march march
onto onto
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
Lady Lady
Ellyn Ellyn
expected expected
long long
siege siege
sent sent
ravens raven
Castamere Castamere
asking asking
brothers brother
Roger Roger
Reynard Reynard
help help
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
arrived arrived
peace peace
banner banner
demanding demanding
surrender surrender
laughed laughed
telling telling
lions lion
west west
ser ser
brothers brother
coming coming
claws claw
long long
sharp sharp
However However
Ser Ser
Tywin Tywin
siege siege
engines engine
prepared prepared
less le
day day
used used
throw throw
great great
boulder boulder
walls wall
onto onto
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Halls Halls
aged aged
keep keep
bringing bringing
castle castle
upon upon
Ellyn Ellyn
son son
Tion Tion
resistance resistance
ended ended
gates gate
thrown thrown
open open
Tywin Tywin
commanded commanded
castle castle
put put
torch torch
day day
night night
flames flame
burned burned
nothing nothing
left left
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
except except
blackened blackened
empty empty
shell shell
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
Tywin Tywin
forced forced
Ellyns Ellyns
daughters daughter
Rohanne Rohanne
Cyrelle Cyrelle
join join
silent silent
sisters sister
Rohannes Rohannes
threeyearold threeyearold
son son
disappeared disappeared
fighting fighting
Reports Reports
suggest suggest
boy boy
thrown thrown
well well
Ser Ser
Amory Amory
Lorch Lorch
Lord Lord
Roger Roger
Reyne Reyne
Castamere Castamere
arrived arrived
two two
thousand thousand
hastilygathered hastilygathered
men men
following following
exhausting exhausting
march march
time time
witness witness
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
aflame aflame
reports report
claim claim
Lannisters Lannisters
three three
times time
many many
men men
Reynes Reynes
unreliably unreliably
claim claim
five five
times time
many many
Roger Roger
hoped hoped
surprise surprise
would would
give give
advantage advantage
sounded sounded
attack attack
Lannister Lannister
army army
quick quick
recover recover
first first
shock shock
higher higher
numbers number
Lannisters Lannisters
began began
tell tell
Lord Lord
Roger Roger
saw saw
option option
flee flee
fled fled
back back
Castamere Castamere
half half
men men
already already
died died
Roger Roger
wounded wounded
crossbow crossbow
bolt bolt
shoulders shoulder
fled fled
carried carried
back back
Castamere Castamere
Lord Lord
Roger Roger
feverish feverish
weak weak
due due
injuries injury
younger younger
brother brother
Ser Ser
Reynard Reynard
Reyne Reyne
assumed assumed
command command
remaining remaining
Reyne Reyne
forces force
Reynes Reynes
took took
refuge refuge
Castamere Castamere
Reynard Reynard
led led
men men
mines mine
castle castle
Ser Ser
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
arrived arrived
Castamere Castamere
three three
days day
burning burning
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
according according
semicanon semicanon
source source
host host
doubled doubled
size size
arrival arrival
forces force
Lords Lords
Banefort Banefort
Plumm Plumm
Stackspear Stackspear
Westerling Westerling
Reynard Reynard
believed believed
held held
advantage advantage
Tywin Tywin
could could
possibly possibly
fight fight
way way
inside inside
mines mine
people people
inside inside
Reynard Reynard
sent sent
terms term
surrender surrender
Tywin Tywin
stating stating
Reynes Reynes
would would
loyal loyal
vassals vassal
return return
Tywins Tywins
brothers brother
serving serving
within within
Castamere Castamere
hostages hostage
Tywin Tywin
ignored ignored
Reynards Reynards
terms term
instead instead
ordered ordered
men men
seal seal
entrances entrance
mines mine
entrances entrance
blocked blocked
tons ton
stone stone
earth earth
soil soil
leaving leaving
way way
Tywin Tywin
men men
dam dam
nearby nearby
stream stream
divert divert
nearest nearest
mine mine
entrance entrance
Water Water
easily easily
found found
way way
though though
tiny tiny
gaps gap
rubble rubble
blocked blocked
mouth mouth
entrance entrance
Lannister Lannister
men men
stationed stationed
distant distant
entrances entrance
claimed claimed
could could
hear hear
faint faint
screaming screaming
shouting shouting
daybreak daybreak
nothing nothing
silence silence
None None
three three
hundred hundred
men men
women woman
children child
within within
ever ever
emerged emerged
mines mine
commanded commanded
Tywin Tywin
castle castle
surface surface
set set
ablaze ablaze
end end
campaign campaign
rebellious rebellious
Houses Houses
Reyne Reyne
Tarbeck Tarbeck
completely completely
obliterated obliterated
ruined ruined
blackened blackened
crumbling crumbling
castles castle
Castamere Castamere
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
stand stand
empty empty
day day
reminder reminder
dare dare
scorn scorn
power power
Rock Rock
Castameres Castameres
mines mine
remained remained
sealed sealed
Tywins Tywins
manner manner
dealing dealing
revolt revolt
made made
respected respected
feared feared
throughout throughout
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Though Though
brutality brutality
Tywins Tywins
methods method
drew drew
censure censure
everyone everyone
agreed agreed
order order
restored restored
westerlands westerlands
Tywins Tywins
actions action
restore restore
House House
Lannisters Lannisters
power power
immortalized immortalized
song song
Rains Rains
Castamere Castamere
known known
used used
song song
threat threat
troublesome troublesome
bannermen bannermen
lion lion
awokenRoose awokenRoose
curse curse
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
goat goat
consulted consulted
Tarbecks Tarbecks
Reynes Reynes
might might
warned warned
lord lord
father father
deals deal
betrayal betrayal
Jaime Jaime
Tarbecks Tarbecks
Reynes Reynes
Jaime Jaime
father father
saying saying
Never Never
wound wound
foe foe
kill kill
Dead Dead
men men
dont dont
claim claim
vengeance vengeance
Hoster Hoster
sons son
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
ruined ruined
castle castle
westerlands westerlands
located located
near near
Castamere Castamere
Crag Crag
seat seat
House House
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
aged aged
keep keep
towers tower
curtain curtain
wall wall
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
visited visited
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
AC AC
Although Although
ancient ancient
linage linage
House House
Tarbeck Tarbeck
impoverished impoverished
time time
Gerold Gerold
Lannister Lannister
Lord Lord
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
marriage marriage
Lord Lord
Walderan Walderan
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Ellyn Ellyn
Reyne Reyne
however however
Tarbecks Tarbecks
fortunes fortune
began began
improve improve
Ellyn Ellyn
used used
Lannister Lannister
gold gold
rebuild rebuild
castles castle
curtain curtain
wall wall
strengthen strengthen
towers tower
decorate decorate
keep keep
splendor splendor
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
Lord Lord
Denys Denys
Marbrand Marbrand
sent sent
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Lannister Lannister
ca ca
AC AC
deal deal
truculent truculent
Walderan Walderan
whose whose
claiming claiming
land land
angered angered
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
Roger Roger
Reyne Reyne
Lord Lord
Castamere Castamere
Walderans Walderans
ally ally
slew slew
Denys Denys
reached reached
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
however however
Ser Ser
Reynard Reynard
Reyne Reyne
convinced convinced
Tytos Tytos
make make
peace peace
ReyneTarbeck ReyneTarbeck
rebellion rebellion
House House
Lannister Lannister
Walderan Walderan
kin kin
killed killed
field field
Ser Ser
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
heir heir
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Rather Rather
starve starve
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
Tywin Tywin
used used
siege siege
engines engine
destroy destroy
keep keep
Tywin Tywin
smiled smiled
collapsed collapsed
Ellyn Ellyn
son son
Tion Tion
Red Red
ordered ordered
castle castle
put put
torch torch
Tywin Tywin
defeated defeated
Rogers Rogers
army army
Castamere Castamere
arrived arrived
ruins ruin
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
ruins ruin
remained remained
vacant vacant
since since
rebellion rebellion
Tyrion Tyrion
Crag Crag
far far
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Hall Hall
Castamere Castamere
Youd Youd
think think
Westerlings Westerlings
might might
ridden ridden
past past
seen seen
lesson lesson
Tyrion Tyrion
Mayhaps Mayhaps
well well
aware aware
Castamere Castamere
promise promise
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
nicknamed nicknamed
Rock Rock
castle castle
seat seat
House House
Lannister Lannister
capital capital
westerlands westerlands
ocean ocean
road road
overlooks overlook
harbor harbor
Lannisport Lannisport
Sunset Sunset
Sea Sea
Nearby Nearby
strongholds stronghold
include include
Kayce Kayce
Feastfires Feastfires
west west
Sarsfield Sarsfield
north north
Cornfield Cornfield
Cleganes Cleganes
Keep Keep
south south
household household
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
includes includes
Maester Maester
Creylen Creylen
Vylarr Vylarr
Ser Ser
Benedict Benedict
Broom Broom
Whitesmile Whitesmile
Wat Wat
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
carved carved
colossal colossal
stone stone
hill hill
beside beside
Sunset Sunset
Sea Sea
popularly popularly
believed believed
resemble resemble
lion lion
repose repose
sunset sunset
Casterlys Casterlys
antiquity antiquity
built built
ringfort ringfort
peak peak
millenia millenia
passed passed
natural natural
defenses defense
expanded expanded
walls wall
gates gate
watchtowers watchtower
base base
Rock Rock
contains contains
large large
seacarved seacarved
caverns cavern
stone stone
mined mined
thousands thousand
years year
hundreds hundred
mineshafts mineshaft
depths depth
Rock Rock
well well
yet yet
untouched untouched
gold gold
veins vein
Rock Rock
measured measured
three three
times time
height height
Wall Wall
Hightower Hightower
Oldtown Oldtown
almost almost
two two
leagues league
long long
west west
east east
contains contains
tunnels tunnel
dungeons dungeon
storerooms storeroom
barracks barrack
halls hall
stables stable
stairways stairway
courtyards courtyard
balconies balcony
gardens garden
bowels bowel
Rock Rock
rooms room
caged caged
lions lion
kept kept
cells cell
worst worst
prisoners prisoner
castle castle
contains contains
sept sept
Lions Lions
Mouth Mouth
main main
entry entry
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
enormous enormous
natural natural
cavern cavern
reaching reaching
two two
hundred hundred
feet foot
high high
steps step
wide wide
enough enough
twenty twenty
riders rider
port port
docks dock
wharves wharf
shipyards shipyard
accessible accessible
longships longships
cogs cog
Rock Rock
thunder thunder
heard heard
sea sea
comes come
Golden Golden
Gallery Gallery
contains contains
treasures treasure
Lannisters Lannisters
including including
gilded gilded
ornaments ornament
walls wall
Hall Hall
Heroes Heroes
Lannisters Lannisters
close close
kin kin
died died
valiantly valiantly
interred interred
armor armor
Lannisters Lannisters
old old
also also
displayed displayed
hall hall
Stone Stone
Garden Garden
godswood godswood
cave cave
within within
Rock Rock
contains contains
twisted twisted
weirwood weirwood
tenth tenth
size size
Raventree Raventree
Halls Halls
whose whose
tangled tangled
roots root
almost almost
filled filled
cave cave
choking choking
growth growth
region region
probably probably
inhabited inhabited
children child
forest forest
giants giant
arrival arrival
First First
Men Men
numerous numerous
animals animal
made made
home home
well well
Legend Legend
says say
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
named named
family family
First First
Men Men
ruled ruled
Dawn Dawn
Age Age
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
Casterlys Casterlys
founder founder
Corlos Corlos
discovered discovered
gold gold
within within
Rock Rock
Casterlys Casterlys
fortified fortified
entrance entrance
carved carved
halls hall
tunnels tunnel
deep deep
stone stone
Lannisters Lannisters
trace trace
rule rule
Rock Rock
back back
Lann Lann
Clever Clever
tricked tricked
Casterlys Casterlys
castle castle
claimed claimed
claim claim
Lann Lann
still still
haunts haunt
fortress fortress
never never
fallen fallen
Kings Kings
Rock Rock
House House
Lannister Lannister
took took
title title
seat seat
members member
family family
founded founded
nearby nearby
Lannisport Lannisport
coming coming
Andals Andals
Westeros Westeros
Lannisters Lannisters
eventually eventually
invited invited
Andals Andals
realm realm
brought brought
Andal Andal
youths youth
serve serve
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
wards ward
potential potential
hostages hostage
According According
lost lost
scroll scroll
Valyrian Valyrian
sorcerers sorcerer
believed believed
downfall downfall
would would
come come
Rocks Rocks
gold gold
Impressed Impressed
earlier earlier
visits visit
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Hightower Hightower
Roland Roland
Arryn Arryn
ordered ordered
construction construction
Eyrie Eyrie
replacement replacement
Gates Gates
Moon Moon
seat seat
House House
Arryn Arryn
King King
Gerold Gerold
Lannister Lannister
raided raided
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
held held
one one
hundred hundred
captives captive
Rock Rock
Gerold Gerold
Great Great
hanged hanged
captive captive
whenever whenever
ironborn ironborn
threatened threatened
lands land
becoming becoming
King King
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Harmund Harmund
II II
Hoare Hoare
spent spent
youth youth
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
ward ward
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
King King
Loren Loren
formed formed
alliance alliance
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Mern Mern
IX IX
Gardener Gardener
King King
Reach Reach
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
defeated defeated
Lannisters Lannisters
Gardeners Gardeners
Field Field
Fire Fire
however however
battle battle
Loren Loren
Last Last
surrendered surrendered
crown crown
Aegon Aegon
confirmed confirmed
Lord Lord
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Warden Warden
West West
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
said said
grateful grateful
Loren Loren
rode rode
war war
instead instead
seeking seeking
refuge refuge
castle castle
Rock Rock
may may
withstood withstood
even even
dragonflame dragonflame
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
hosted hosted
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
several several
times time
royal royal
progresses progress
ascension ascension
King King
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
Lord Lord
Lyman Lyman
Lannister Lannister
hosted hosted
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Princess Princess
Rhaena Rhaena
Targaryen Targaryen
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
princess princess
gave gave
birth birth
Aerea Aerea
Rhaella Rhaella
Rock Rock
son son
Jeyne Jeyne
Westerling Westerling
sent sent
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Lymans Lymans
ward ward
expelled expelled
Faircastle Faircastle
reign reign
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Rhaena Rhaena
flew flew
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
Rock Rock
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
Lyman Lyman
gave gave
FourHeaded FourHeaded
Beast Beast
suite suite
within within
castle castle
Rhaena Rhaena
eventually eventually
left left
becoming becoming
convinced convinced
Lord Lord
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
wanted wanted
dragon dragon
eggs egg
Rhaena Rhaena
visited visited
Rock Rock
search search
throughout throughout
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
missing missing
Aerea Aerea
Ser Ser
Alastor Alastor
Reyne Reyne
masteratarms masteratarms
Rock Rock
participated participated
tourney tourney
completion completion
Dragonpit Dragonpit
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
visited visited
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
progresses progress
AC AC
AC AC
young young
Princess Princess
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
courted courted
feast feast
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
twins twin
Jason Jason
Lannister Lannister
Tyland Tyland
Lannister Lannister
House House
Lannister Lannister
declared declared
greens green
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
start start
civil civil
war war
Ser Ser
Tyland Tyland
master master
coin coin
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sent sent
quarter quarter
royal royal
treasury treasury
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Rock Rock
safekeeping safekeeping
castle castle
left left
disarray disarray
death death
Lord Lord
Jason Jason
Battle Battle
Red Red
Fork Fork
Lannister Lannister
defeat defeat
Battle Battle
Lakeshore Lakeshore
however however
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
husband husband
Aegons Aegons
rival rival
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
suggested suggested
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
stripped stripped
Lannisters Lannisters
granted granted
Ser Ser
Hugh Hugh
Hammer Hammer
queen queen
declined declined
ironborn ironborn
declared declared
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
blacks black
Dance Dance
Although Although
Dalton Dalton
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
able able
sack sack
Lannisport Lannisport
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
strong strong
ironborn ironborn
Jasons Jasons
widow widow
Lady Lady
Johanna Johanna
Lannister Lannister
barred barred
gates gate
Johanna Johanna
approved approved
expedition expedition
recover recover
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
ironborn ironborn
Red Red
Kraken Kraken
sent sent
heads head
Ser Ser
Erwin Erwin
Lannister Lannister
Lords Lords
Prester Prester
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Johanna Johanna
Rock Rock
plan plan
betrayed betrayed
Dance Dance
wound wound
Lord Lord
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
considered considered
marching marching
subdue subdue
Storms Storms
End End
Oldtown Oldtown
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Lady Lady
Johanna Johanna
agreed agreed
peace peace
terms term
previously previously
sent sent
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
however however
Dalton Dalton
slain slain
Faircastle Faircastle
AC AC
fleet fleet
Lord Lord
Alyn Alyn
Velaryon Velaryon
arrived arrived
westerlands westerlands
Johanna Johanna
presented presented
seahorse seahorse
wrought wrought
gold gold
Ser Ser
Leo Leo
Costayne Costayne
invaded invaded
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
captured captured
Rodrik Rodrik
Greyjoy Greyjoy
made made
fool fool
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Lady Lady
Ellyn Ellyn
Reyne Reyne
wife wife
Ser Ser
Tion Tion
Lannister Lannister
held held
splendid splendid
court court
Rock Rock
goodfather goodfather
Lord Lord
Gerold Gerold
Lannister Lannister
declined declined
health health
Ellyns Ellyns
influence influence
declined declined
Tions Tions
death death
Fourth Fourth
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
however however
left left
Rock Rock
AC AC
Gerold Gerold
wed wed
Lord Lord
Walderan Walderan
Tarbeck Tarbeck
Gerold Gerold
succeeded succeeded
ineffectual ineffectual
son son
Tytos Tytos
lord lord
easily easily
taken taken
advantage advantage
mocked mocked
feasts feast
balls ball
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
announced announced
feast feast
daughter daughter
Genna Genna
would would
wed wed
Emmon Emmon
Frey Frey
second second
son son
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
western western
lords lord
shocked shocked
Tytoss Tytoss
tenyearold tenyearold
heir heir
Tywin Tywin
publicly publicly
denounced denounced
betrothal betrothal
returning returning
War War
Ninepenny Ninepenny
Kings Kings
young young
Ser Ser
Tywin Tywin
sought sought
restore restore
power power
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
unable unable
repay repay
loans loan
required required
send send
hostages hostage
Rock Rock
Dorna Dorna
Swyft Swyft
one one
hostage hostage
Lord Lord
Tarbeck Tarbeck
rode rode
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
speak speak
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Tywin Tywin
imprisoned imprisoned
dungeon dungeon
Walderan Walderan
could could
meet meet
father father
Ellyn Ellyn
Tarbeck Tarbeck
captured captured
Stafford Stafford
Lannister Lannister
two two
Lannisters Lannisters
Lannisport Lannisport
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
forced forced
feuding feuding
factions faction
release release
hostages hostage
AC AC
Ser Ser
Tywin Tywin
ordered ordered
Lord Lord
Roger Roger
Reyne Reyne
Ser Ser
Reynard Reynard
Reyne Reyne
Tarbecks Tarbecks
present present
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
bannermen bannermen
refused refused
however however
Tywin Tywin
expected expected
Without Without
Tytoss Tytoss
leave leave
Lannister Lannister
heir heir
gathered gathered
host host
quickly quickly
crushed crushed
ReyneTarbeck ReyneTarbeck
revolt revolt
Tywin Tywin
named named
Hand Hand
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
following following
year year
House House
Clegane Clegane
founded founded
kennelmaster kennelmaster
Rock Rock
saved saved
Tytos Tytos
lioness lioness
attack attack
Late Late
life life
Tytos Tytos
allowed allowed
mistress mistress
sit sit
beside beside
hall hall
Tytos Tytos
died died
AC AC
climbing climbing
stairs stair
bedchamber bedchamber
much much
AC AC
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
resided resided
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Hand Hand
King King
Tywin Tywin
repaid repaid
late late
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
II II
Targaryens Targaryens
debts debt
Braavos Braavos
gold gold
Rock Rock
Tywins Tywins
children child
twins twin
Cersei Cersei
Jaime Jaime
caught caught
experimenting experimenting
maid maid
Lady Lady
Joanna Joanna
Lannister Lannister
children child
sleep sleep
distant distant
bedchambers bedchamber
within within
Rock Rock
Shortly Shortly
birth birth
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
young young
Elia Elia
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
accompanied accompanied
mother mother
Princess Princess
Dorne Dorne
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
met met
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Dornishmen Dornishmen
could could
hear hear
howling howling
baby baby
depths depth
Rock Rock
Tyrion Tyrion
elder elder
brother brother
Jaime Jaime
played played
Hall Hall
Heroes Heroes
boys boy
Aeryss Aeryss
decision decision
name name
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Kingsguard Kingsguard
AC AC
angered angered
Tywin Tywin
resigned resigned
Hand Hand
returned returned
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
daughter daughter
Cersei Cersei
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Tywin Tywin
led led
host host
Rock Rock
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
following following
Battle Battle
Trident Trident
Jaime Jaime
slew slew
Aerys Aerys
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Although Although
outlaws outlaw
common common
near near
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
younger younger
brother brother
Tyrion Tyrion
saved saved
Tysha Tysha
two two
bandits bandit
road road
Lannisport Lannisport
Rock Rock
around around
AC AC
Aeron Aeron
Greyjoy Greyjoy
captured captured
sea sea
battle battle
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
AC AC
taken taken
Lannisport Lannisport
chains chain
spent spent
rest rest
Greyjoys Greyjoys
Rebellion Rebellion
imprisoned imprisoned
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Tyrion Tyrion
became became
man man
sixteen sixteen
forbidden forbidden
Tywin Tywin
taking taking
tour tour
Free Free
Cities Cities
uncles uncle
Gerion Gerion
Tygett Tygett
done done
Instead Instead
Tywin Tywin
gave gave
son son
charge charge
cisterns cistern
drains drain
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Tyrion Tyrion
learned learned
customs custom
Tyrosh Tyrosh
sellsword sellsword
Rock Rock
Following Following
tourney tourney
Prince Prince
Joffreys Joffreys
name name
day day
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
children child
accompanied accompanied
father father
Tywin Tywin
return return
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
tells tell
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
wanted wanted
young young
Robert Robert
Arryn Arryn
foster foster
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
boys boy
mother mother
took took
Eyrie Eyrie
death death
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
capture capture
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
Eddards Eddards
wife wife
Lady Lady
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
Tyrions Tyrions
brother brother
Jaime Jaime
wounds wound
Ned Ned
streets street
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
rides ride
westerlands westerlands
Jaime Jaime
raises raise
host host
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Tywin Tywin
raises raise
another another
invade invade
riverlands riverlands
death death
King King
Robert Robert
Battle Battle
Camps Camps
Ser Ser
Marq Marq
Piper Piper
suggests suggests
attacking attacking
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
receives receives
little little
support support
rebel rebel
nobles noble
Riverrun Riverrun
Ser Ser
Stafford Stafford
Lannister Lannister
begins begin
raising raising
new new
host host
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
Stafford Stafford
westermen westermen
defeated defeated
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
King King
North North
Battle Battle
Oxcross Oxcross
Expecting Expecting
ironborn ironborn
ally ally
northmen northman
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
desires desire
conquer conquer
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
claim claim
father father
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
states state
Rock Rock
strong strong
however however
instead instead
attacks attack
north north
Tyrion Tyrion
demands demand
birthright birthright
lordship lordship
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
father father
Tywin Tywin
harshly harshly
rejected rejected
Tyrion Tyrion
suggests suggests
new new
wife wife
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
visit visit
Rock Rock
wanting wanting
show show
Jaime Jaime
grew grew
also also
desiring desiring
keep keep
away away
abuses abuse
nephew nephew
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
remains remains
impassive impassive
however however
Tyrion Tyrion
withdraws withdraws
offer offer
Resting Resting
weirwood weirwood
stump stump
en en
route route
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Jaime Jaime
dreams dream
watery watery
caverns cavern
beneath beneath
Rock Rock
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
dies dy
royal royal
wedding wedding
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
intends intends
remove remove
son son
Jaime Jaime
Kingsguard Kingsguard
heir heir
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Tywin Tywin
wants want
new new
king king
grandson grandson
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
serve serve
Jaimes Jaimes
ward ward
squire squire
Rock Rock
learn learn
Lannister Lannister
Jaime Jaime
opposes opposes
plan plan
however however
Tywins Tywins
daughter daughter
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
believes belief
sent sent
Rock Rock
can can
not not
influence influence
royal royal
son son
Tywin Tywin
killed killed
Tower Tower
Hand Hand
Tyrion Tyrion
Tywins Tywins
brother brother
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
advises advises
Cersei Cersei
return return
westerlands westerlands
take take
place place
Lady Lady
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Cersei Cersei
insists insists
remaining remaining
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
refuses refuse
name name
Kevan Kevan
Tommens Tommens
regent regent
names name
Ser Ser
Damion Damion
Lannister Lannister
distant distant
cousin cousin
main main
branch branch
castellan castellan
Rock Rock
instead instead
Kevan Kevan
Tywins Tywins
body body
escorted escorted
back back
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
honor honor
guard guard
western western
knights knight
nobles noble
Cerseis Cerseis
arrest arrest
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
Ser Ser
Harys Harys
Swyft Swyft
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelle Pycelle
invite invite
Kevan Kevan
return return
Rock Rock
assume assume
regency regency
condition condition
Jaimes Jaimes
ending ending
siege siege
Riverrun Riverrun
Lord Lord
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
become become
honored honored
captive captive
Rock Rock
pregnant pregnant
wife wife
Roslin Roslin
join join
Twins Twins
gives give
birth birth
exile exile
Essos Essos
Tyrion Tyrion
considers considers
hiring hiring
Golden Golden
Company Company
help help
gain gain
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
sellswords sellswords
follow follow
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Tyrion Tyrion
instead instead
joins join
Second Second
Sons Sons
gains gain
support support
promising promising
gold gold
Rock Rock
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
looms loom
large large
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
king king
ever ever
diligent diligent
capable capable
HandThey HandThey
say say
naught naught
stone stone
heart heart
Casterly Casterly
RockStone RockStone
must must
stone stone
must must
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
hard hard
unmovableTyrion unmovableTyrion
want want
ask ask
Ill Ill
tell tell
want want
want want
mine mine
rights right
want want
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
want want
stand stand
realm realm
proclaim proclaim
son son
lawful lawful
heir heir
Tywin Tywin
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Never Never
neither neither
gods god
men men
shall shall
ever ever
compel compel
let let
turn turn
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
whorehouseExtravagance whorehouseExtravagance
uses us
must must
demonstrate demonstrate
power power
wealth wealth
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
realm realm
seeTyrion seeTyrion
would would
please please
show show
Golden Golden
Gallery Gallery
Lions Lions
Mouth Mouth
Hall Hall
Heroes Heroes
Jaime Jaime
played played
boys boy
hear hear
thunder thunder
sea sea
comes come
Sansa Sansa
shall shall
go go
wherever wherever
lord lord
husband husband
wishes wish
Tyrion Tyrion
hoped hoped
might might
please please
lady lady
Sansa Sansa
please please
please please
lord lord
fathers father
seat seat
mine mine
rights right
Swear Swear
sword sword
win win
back back
Ill Ill
drown drown
goldAccording goldAccording
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
Gibraltar Gibraltar
inspiration inspiration
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Faircastle Faircastle
seat seat
House House
Farman Farman
westerlands westerlands
located located
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
western western
coast coast
Westeros Westeros
Faircastle Faircastle
located located
Sunset Sunset
Sea Sea
castle castle
great great
hall hall
tall tall
white white
towers tower
dungeons dungeon
House House
Farman Farman
Faircastle Faircastle
ruled ruled
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
kings king
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
Following Following
Battle Battle
Beneath Beneath
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
AC AC
Rhaena Rhaena
Targaryen Targaryen
fled fled
King King
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
safety safety
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
Lord Lord
Marq Marq
Farman Farman
granted granted
hospitality hospitality
Faircastle Faircastle
hiding hiding
daughters daughter
Aerea Aerea
Rhaella Rhaella
trusted trusted
allies ally
Rhaena Rhaena
departed departed
Faircastle Faircastle
AC AC
become become
one one
Maegor Maegor
Cruels Cruels
Black Black
Brides Brides
Rhaena Rhaena
returned returned
Faircastle Faircastle
coronation coronation
brother brother
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
wed wed
Androw Androw
Farman Farman
Maester Maester
Smike Smike
observed observed
Rhaena Rhaena
socalled socalled
Queen Queen
West West
friends friend
FourHeaded FourHeaded
Beast Beast
held held
court court
Faircastle Faircastle
visiting visiting
lords lord
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
laid laid
clutch clutch
dragon dragon
eggs egg
begging begging
brother brother
warned warned
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
would would
overwhelmed overwhelmed
dragons dragon
preacher preacher
died died
Faircastles Faircastles
dungeon dungeon
imprisoned imprisoned
Lord Lord
Marq Marq
becoming becoming
castles castle
lord lord
Ser Ser
Franklyn Franklyn
Farman Farman
ordered ordered
Rhaena Rhaena
depart depart
Faircastle Faircastle
Androw Androw
Samantha Samantha
Stokeworth Stokeworth
Alayne Alayne
Royce Royce
following following
exile exile
Elissa Elissa
Farman Farman
disobeyed disobeyed
brothers brother
instructions instruction
also also
departing departing
home home
Rhaena Rhaena
visited visited
Faircastle Faircastle
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
Aerea Aerea
disappeared disappeared
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Franklyns Franklyns
poor poor
treatment treatment
Rhaena Rhaena
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
visit visit
Faircastle Faircastle
royal royal
progress progress
westerlands westerlands
AC AC
king king
eventually eventually
visited visited
AC AC
Lord Lord
Franklyn Franklyn
died died
Faircastle Faircastle
captured captured
Dalton Dalton
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Red Red
Kraken Kraken
murdered murdered
Tess Tess
within within
Lord Lord
Farmans Farmans
bedchamber bedchamber
AC AC
Although Although
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
recovered recovered
smallfolk smallfolk
bloody bloody
rebellion rebellion
Alester Alester
Wynch Wynch
Gunthor Gunthor
Goodbrother Goodbrother
continued continued
hold hold
Faircastle Faircastle
ironborn ironborn
garrison garrison
castle castle
fell fell
Gunthor Gunthor
slew slew
Alester Alester
feud feud
Lysa Lysa
Farman Farman
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
squire squire
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
considered considered
visiting visiting
Faircastle Faircastle
aiding aiding
Lord Lord
Farman Farman
ironborn ironborn
Lord Lord
Dagon Dagon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
years year
ReyneTarbeck ReyneTarbeck
revolt revolt
Lord Lord
Farman Farman
grew grew
truculent truculent
response response
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
sent sent
envoy envoy
Faircastle Faircastle
instruction instruction
perform perform
Rains Rains
Castamere Castamere
Farmans Farmans
acquiesced acquiesced
reminded reminded
fate fate
Castamere Castamere
Duncan Duncan
ever ever
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
Aegon Aegon
ser ser
say say
fair fair
Lord Lord
Farmans Farmans
seat seat
fair fair
called called
Faircastle Faircastle
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
shedragon shedragon
ridden ridden
Princess Princess
Rhaena Rhaena
Targaryen Targaryen
later later
Princess Princess
Helaena Helaena
Targaryen Targaryen
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
slender slender
shedragon shedragon
coloration coloration
primarily primarily
pale pale
blue blue
silver silver
markings marking
silver silver
crests crest
pale pale
blue blue
wings wing
AC AC
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
large large
enough enough
twelveyearold twelveyearold
Rhaena Rhaena
Targaryen Targaryen
mount mount
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
hatched hatched
reign reign
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
hatchling hatchling
bonded bonded
nineyear nineyear
old old
Princess Princess
Rhaena Rhaena
Targaryen Targaryen
Aegon Aegon
first first
grandchild grandchild
AC AC
Three Three
years year
later later
became became
Dreamfyres Dreamfyres
rider rider
AC AC
Rhaena Rhaena
wed wed
brother brother
Aegon Aegon
sent sent
royal royal
progress progress
father father
King King
Aenys Aenys
Targaryen Targaryen
Rhaena Rhaena
wished wished
take take
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
father father
forbade forbade
Aegon Aegon
yet yet
claimed claimed
dragon dragon
king king
want want
son son
seen seen
riding riding
horse horse
wife wife
rode rode
dragon dragon
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
remained remained
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Rhaenas Rhaenas
father father
King King
Aenys Aenys
died died
AC AC
crown crown
usurped usurped
uncle uncle
Maegor Maegor
Rhaena Rhaena
husband husband
smuggled smuggled
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
AC AC
Maegor Maegor
Oldtown Oldtown
Rhaena Rhaena
reunited reunited
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
Aegon Aegon
finally finally
claimed claimed
dragon dragon
fathers father
dragon dragon
Quicksilver Quicksilver
Knowing Knowing
could could
hold hold
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
left left
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
dragons dragon
raise raise
army army
Aegon Aegon
went went
war war
uncle uncle
Rhaenas Rhaenas
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
accompany accompany
Aegon Aegon
along along
Quicksilver Quicksilver
killed killed
Battle Battle
Beneath Beneath
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
Maegor Maegor
mounted mounted
Balerion Balerion
Black Black
Dread Dread
Since Since
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
younger younger
smaller smaller
Quicksilver Quicksilver
many many
historians historian
believe believe
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
would would
much much
threat threat
Black Black
Dread Dread
Princess Princess
Rhaena Rhaena
sent sent
twin twin
daughters daughter
Aerea Aerea
Rhaella Rhaella
hiding hiding
However However
felt felt
could could
hide hide
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
easily easily
hidden hidden
Therefore Therefore
flew flew
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
coast coast
Sunset Sunset
Sea Sea
stayed stayed
Faircastle Faircastle
remained remained
AC AC
Maegor Maegor
commanded commanded
Rhaena Rhaena
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
wanting wanting
bring bring
Maegors Maegors
wrath wrath
Balerions Balerions
fires fire
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
Rhaena Rhaena
flew flew
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
Red Red
Keep Keep
find find
Maegor Maegor
wished wished
make make
Rhaena Rhaena
bride bride
mistress mistress
whisperers whisperer
Tyanna Tyanna
Tower Tower
found found
daughters daughter
used used
hostages hostage
next next
year year
Rhaena Rhaena
fled fled
Red Red
Keep Keep
upon upon
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
together together
elder elder
daughter daughter
Aerea Aerea
Maegors Maegors
Valyrian Valyrian
steel steel
sword sword
Blackfyre Blackfyre
join join
surviving surviving
brother brother
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
AC AC
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
already already
produced produced
two two
clutches clutch
dragon dragon
eggs egg
Rhaenas Rhaenas
second second
residence residence
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
– –
AC AC
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
laid laid
another another
clutch clutch
eggs egg
Dreamfyres Dreamfyres
presence presence
island island
made made
residents resident
anxious anxious
eggs egg
caused caused
begging begging
brother brother
start start
preaching preaching
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
would would
soon soon
overrun overrun
dragons dragon
would would
eat eat
sheep sheep
men men
called called
dragonslayer dragonslayer
kill kill
dragons dragon
prevent prevent
man man
arrested arrested
nonetheless nonetheless
words word
inspired inspired
fear fear
wherever wherever
spread spread
Rhaena Rhaena
chose chose
depart depart
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
taking taking
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
eggs egg
time time
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
granted granted
entire entire
stable stable
Lord Lord
Lyman Lyman
Lannister Lannister
expressed expressed
interest interest
three three
eggs egg
asked asked
would would
hatch hatch
could could
expected expected
Lady Lady
Jocasta Jocasta
Lannister Lannister
suggested suggested
Rhaena Rhaena
gifting gifting
Lannisters Lannisters
one one
three three
eggs egg
would would
good good
way way
demonstrate demonstrate
gratitude gratitude
Rhaena Rhaena
refused refused
Lord Lord
Lyman Lyman
offered offered
buy buy
eggs egg
Rhaena Rhaena
left left
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
toured toured
westerlands westerlands
many many
Western Western
lords lord
desired desired
dragon dragon
grew grew
uncomfortable uncomfortable
looked looked
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
eggs egg
AC AC
Rhaena Rhaena
visited visited
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
upon upon
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
attend attend
second second
wedding wedding
siblings sibling
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
explained explained
difficulties difficulty
Rhaena Rhaena
eventually eventually
granted granted
Dragonstone Dragonstone
seat seat
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
made made
lair lair
dragon dragon
yards yard
Dragonstone Dragonstone
clutch clutch
eggs egg
laid laid
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
soon soon
hatched hatched
Rhaena Rhaena
introduced introduced
daughter daughter
Princess Princess
Aerea Aerea
Dreamfyres Dreamfyres
hatchlings hatchling
urged urged
choose choose
one one
fly fly
AC AC
Rhaena Rhaena
discovered discovered
former former
close close
friend friend
companion companion
Elissa Elissa
Farman Farman
stolen stolen
three three
dragon dragon
eggs egg
Dragonstone Dragonstone
hatcheries hatchery
fled fled
Pentos Pentos
flew flew
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
inform inform
brother brother
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
theft theft
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
made made
plans plan
Rhaena Rhaena
make make
war war
dragons dragon
Vermithor Vermithor
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
hatchling hatchling
dragons dragon
appear appear
anywhere anywhere
world world
though though
turned turned
unnecessary unnecessary
Later Later
year year
Rhaena Rhaena
flew flew
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
Storms Storms
End End
reconcile reconcile
mother mother
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Alyssa Alyssa
Velaryon Velaryon
arrived arrived
late late
Alyssas Alyssas
death death
childbirth childbirth
Still Still
within within
year year
Rhaenas Rhaenas
female female
companions companion
murdered murdered
husband husband
Androw Androw
Farman Farman
using using
tears tear
Lys Lys
crime crime
discovered discovered
Androw Androw
committed committed
suicide suicide
leaping leaping
window window
Chamber Chamber
Painted Painted
Table Table
Rhaena Rhaena
body body
hacked hacked
pieces piece
fed fed
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
dragons dragon
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Near Near
end end
AC AC
Rhaena Rhaena
discovered discovered
daughter daughter
Aerea Aerea
mounted mounted
Balerion Balerion
fled fled
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Rhaena Rhaena
flew flew
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
Red Red
Keep Keep
convinced convinced
Aerea Aerea
gone gone
Rhaena Rhaena
remained remained
court court
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
sent sent
forth forth
ravens raven
across across
realm realm
seven seven
days day
declared declared
going going
look look
Aerea Aerea
left left
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
search search
daughter daughter
year year
Rhaena Rhaena
flew flew
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
Westeros Westeros
Oldtown Oldtown
Highgarden Highgarden
Crakehall Crakehall
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
barrowlands barrowlands
banks bank
Fever Fever
River River
far far
south south
Red Red
Mountains Mountains
Dorne Dorne
canyons canyon
Torrentine Torrentine
Rhaena Rhaena
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
seen seen
flying flying
Fingers Fingers
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
rainwood rainwood
Cape Cape
Wrath Wrath
Shield Shield
Islands Islands
Arbor Arbor
however however
search search
vain vain
AC AC
residing residing
Greenstone Greenstone
Rhaena Rhaena
received received
message message
Princess Princess
Aerea Aerea
returned returned
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Balerion Balerion
infected infected
insidious insidious
disease disease
killed killed
day day
time time
raven raven
carrying carrying
news news
reached reached
Rhaena Rhaena
Aerea Aerea
already already
cremated cremated
Rhaena Rhaena
returned returned
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
took took
possession possession
daughters daughter
ashes ash
Refusing Refusing
Jaehaeryss Jaehaeryss
offer offer
Aereas Aereas
ashes ash
interred interred
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aerea Aerea
hated hated
living living
Rhaena Rhaena
instead instead
took took
ashes ash
sky sky
upon upon
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
released released
wind wind
claiming claiming
Aerea Aerea
wanted wanted
fly fly
Rhaena Rhaena
went went
selfimposed selfimposed
isolation isolation
Harrenhal Harrenhal
daughters daughter
death death
Although Although
still still
frequently frequently
rode rode
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
wished wished
left left
alone alone
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
remained remained
Harrenhal Harrenhal
Rhaena Rhaena
death death
AC AC
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
made made
lair lair
Dragonpit Dragonpit
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
reign reign
King King
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
bonded bonded
Princess Princess
Helaena Helaena
Targaryen Targaryen
Helaena Helaena
riding riding
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
age age
eleven eleven
dragon dragon
beloved beloved
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Helaenas Helaenas
sixyear sixyear
old old
son son
slain slain
civil civil
war war
Helaena Helaena
spent spent
days day
darkness darkness
weeping weeping
capable capable
riding riding
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
anymore anymore
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
resided resided
Dragonpit Dragonpit
said said
Helaena Helaena
threw threw
death death
window window
Maegors Maegors
Holdfast Holdfast
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
rose rose
suddenly suddenly
roar roar
shook shook
Dragonpit Dragonpit
snapped snapped
two two
chains chain
bound bound
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
remained remained
chained chained
Dragonpit Dragonpit
people people
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
stormed stormed
pit pit
four four
dragons dragon
present present
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
dragon dragon
able able
break break
free free
chains chain
mob mob
broke broke
took took
wing wing
circled circled
cavernous cavernous
interior interior
dome dome
swooped swooped
attack attack
men men
slew slew
men men
three three
dragons dragon
combined combined
Archers Archers
crossbowmen crossbowmen
loosed loosed
arrows arrow
quarrels quarrel
whenever whenever
landed landed
men men
swarmed swarmed
attack attack
driving driving
back back
air air
Eventually Eventually
one one
eyes eye
nicked nicked
crossbow crossbow
bolt bolt
Halfblind Halfblind
maddened maddened
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
flew flew
Dragonpits Dragonpits
great great
dome dome
cracked cracked
impact impact
Half Half
came came
tumbling tumbling
crushing crushing
dragonslayers dragonslayers
tons ton
broken broken
stone stone
rubble rubble
warm warm
first first
last last
Either Either
unwelcome unwelcome
welcome welcome
murmur murmur
cost cost
keeping keeping
mine mine
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
excites excites
fear fear
want want
trouble trouble
lust lust
dragons dragon
ownIt ownIt
may may
well well
dragons dragon
somehow somehow
sense sense
echo echo
moods mood
riders rider
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
came came
clouds cloud
like like
raging raging
storm storm
dayTyraxes dayTyraxes
Shrykos Shrykos
Morghul Morghul
killed killed
scores score
little little
doubt doubt
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
slew slew
three three
combined combined
master master
whisperers whisperer
mistress mistress
whisperers whisperer
kings king
spymaster spymaster
member member
small small
council council
monarchy monarchy
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
charged charged
gathering gathering
intelligence intelligence
Red Red
Keep Keep
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
around around
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
places place
Unlike Unlike
positions position
small small
council council
title title
wasnt wasnt
created created
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Tyanna Tyanna
Tower Tower
feared feared
King King
Maegor Maegor
Targaryens Targaryens
wives wife
served served
husband husband
mistress mistress
whisperers whisperer
said said
speaking speaking
secrets secret
Red Red
Keep Keep
foolish foolish
rats rat
vermin vermin
spies spy
tortured tortured
many many
enemies enemy
Crown Crown
including including
fellow fellow
wife wife
Alys Alys
Harroway Harroway
many many
alleged alleged
lovers lover
two two
confessed confessed
adultery adultery
Larys Larys
Strong Strong
Lord Lord
Harrenhal Harrenhal
served served
master master
whisperers whisperer
towards towards
end end
reign reign
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
continued continued
serve serve
office office
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
time time
Lady Lady
Mysaria Mysaria
nicknamed nicknamed
Lady Lady
Misery Misery
served served
mistress mistress
whisperers whisperer
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
Brynden Brynden
Rivers Rivers
known known
Lord Lord
Bloodraven Bloodraven
spymaster spymaster
network network
spies spy
serving serving
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryens Targaryens
small small
council council
Brynden Brynden
later later
served served
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
master master
whisperers whisperer
well well
Hand Hand
King King
Varys Varys
nicknamed nicknamed
Spider Spider
master master
whisperers whisperer
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Aerys Aerys
IIs IIs
death death
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
uses us
little little
birds bird
part part
network network
informants informant
Varys Varys
serves serf
master master
whisperers whisperer
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
successor successor
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Since Since
Varys Varys
disappeared disappeared
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
night night
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
murder murder
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
appoints appoints
Qyburn Qyburn
former former
maester maester
new new
master master
whisperers whisperer
King King
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
Cersei Cersei
arrested arrested
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
assumes assumes
regency regency
Qyburn Qyburn
dismissed dismissed
small small
council council
continues continues
handle handle
Varys Varys
whisperers whisperer
Following Following
Cerseis Cerseis
walk walk
shame shame
Qyburn Qyburn
remains remains
separate separate
council council
keeps keep
reporting reporting
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Catelyn Catelyn
could could
know know
thatVarys thatVarys
whisperings whispering
little little
birds bird
know know
things thing
sweet sweet
lady lady
nature nature
serviceThe serviceThe
Kings Kings
Justice Justice
must must
fearsome fearsome
master master
coin coin
must must
frugal frugal
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
must must
valiant valiant
master master
whisperers whisperer
must must
sly sly
obsequious obsequious
without without
scruple scruple
courageous courageous
informer informer
would would
useless useless
cowardly cowardly
knight knight
Princess Princess
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
cheered cheered
Realms Realms
Delight Delight
young young
later later
called called
HalfYear HalfYear
Queen Queen
firstborn firstborn
child child
King King
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
King King
Viserys Viserys
living living
child child
first first
wife wife
Queen Queen
Aemma Aemma
House House
Arryn Arryn
age age
eight eight
made made
fathers father
heir heir
grew grew
expecting expecting
become become
first first
ruling ruling
Queen Queen
Westeros Westeros
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
dragonrider dragonrider
whose whose
mount mount
Syrax Syrax
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
challenged challenged
younger younger
halfbrother halfbrother
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sparking sparking
civil civil
war war
known known
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
mother mother
two two
kings king
Aegon Aegon
III III
Viserys Viserys
II II
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
personal personal
sigil sigil
normal normal
Targaryen Targaryen
heraldry heraldry
threeheaded threeheaded
red red
dragon dragon
black black
field field
quartered quartered
moonandfalcon moonandfalcon
sigil sigil
House House
Arryn Arryn
mother mother
Aemma Aemma
Arryn Arryn
silver silver
seahorse seahorse
sea sea
green green
House House
Velaryon Velaryon
first first
husband husband
Laenor Laenor
Velaryon Velaryon
well well
Velaryons Velaryons
general general
among among
major major
supporters supporter
Dance Dance
faction faction
used used
personal personal
heraldry heraldry
battleflag battleflag
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
familys family
Valyrian Valyrian
looks look
wearing wearing
silvergold silvergold
hair hair
long long
braid braid
manner manner
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
Beautiful Beautiful
child child
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
later later
declared declared
uncle uncle
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
beautiful beautiful
maiden maiden
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
never never
lost lost
weight weight
gained gained
pregnancies pregnancy
grown grown
stout stout
thick thick
waist waist
age age
twenty twenty
third third
pregnancy pregnancy
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
large large
bosom bosom
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
proud proud
stubborn stubborn
certain certain
petulance petulance
small small
mouth mouth
Though Though
could could
charming charming
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
quick quick
anger anger
never never
forgot forgot
slight slight
resented resented
slender slender
older older
stepmother stepmother
Queen Queen
Alicent Alicent
Hightower Hightower
fond fond
Lady Lady
Laena Laena
Velaryon Velaryon
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
always always
dressed dressed
richly richly
favoring favoring
purple purple
maroon maroon
velvets velvet
golden golden
Myrish Myrish
lace lace
intricate intricate
patterns pattern
bodice bodice
often often
glittered glittered
pearls pearl
diamonds diamond
always always
rings ring
fingers finger
Whenever Whenever
anxious anxious
would would
turn turn
compulsively compulsively
round round
round round
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
wore wore
crown crown
father father
Viserys Viserys
first first
worn worn
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Born Born
AC AC
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
living living
child child
King King
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
first first
wife wife
Lady Lady
Aemma Aemma
House House
Arryn Arryn
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
two two
brothers brother
died died
cradle cradle
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
became became
dragonrider dragonrider
age age
seven seven
flew flew
sky sky
back back
young young
dragon dragon
named named
Syrax Syrax
year year
later later
eight eight
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
became became
cupbearer cupbearer
father father
serving serving
table table
tourneys tourney
court court
point point
onward onward
King King
Viserys Viserys
seldom seldom
seen seen
without without
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
young young
age age
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
became became
enamored enamored
uncle uncle
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
roguish roguish
prince prince
often often
brought brought
exotic exotic
gifts gift
trips trip
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
tourney tourney
King King
Viserys Viserys
accession accession
Ser Ser
Criston Criston
Cole Cole
melee melee
disarming disarming
Daemon Daemon
knight knight
granted granted
victors victor
laurel laurel
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
asked asked
sevenyearold sevenyearold
girl girl
favor favor
lists list
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
became became
smitten smitten
Criston Criston
joined joined
Kingsguard Kingsguard
AC AC
calling calling
white white
knight knight
Viserys Viserys
allowed allowed
charming charming
knight knight
become become
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
personal personal
shield shield
protector protector
moment moment
Cole Cole
always always
wore wore
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
favor favor
lists list
protected protected
girl girl
public public
events event
Late Late
AC AC
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
mother mother
Aemma Aemma
died died
birthing birthing
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
second second
brother brother
Prince Prince
Baelon Baelon
died died
day day
later later
King King
Viserys Viserys
proclaimed proclaimed
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
heir heir
lords lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
swear swear
fealty fealty
promising promising
honor honor
defend defend
rights right
succession succession
addition addition
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
named named
Princess Princess
Dragonstone Dragonstone
King King
Viserys Viserys
remarried remarried
AC AC
Lady Lady
Alicent Alicent
Hightower Hightower
stepmother stepmother
stepdaughter stepdaughter
initially initially
got got
along along
well well
changed changed
Alicent Alicent
birthed birthed
king king
two two
sons son
Aegon Aegon
AC AC
Aemond Aemond
AC AC
yet yet
Viserys Viserys
proclaim proclaim
either either
boy boy
heir heir
People People
continued continued
ask ask
Viserys Viserys
succession succession
though though
Viserys Viserys
unwilling unwilling
discuss discus
Ser Ser
Otto Otto
Hightower Hightower
Alicents Alicents
father father
Viseryss Viseryss
Hand Hand
sent sent
away away
court court
pushing pushing
issue issue
much much
even even
left left
clearly clearly
two two
parties party
formed formed
court court
party party
Queen Queen
party party
Princess Princess
AC AC
great great
tourney tourney
held held
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
fifth fifth
anniversary anniversary
King King
Viseryss Viseryss
marriage marriage
Queen Queen
Alicent Alicent
opening opening
feast feast
queen queen
wore wore
green green
gown gown
whilst whilst
Princess Princess
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
dressed dressed
dramatically dramatically
Targaryen Targaryen
red red
black black
Note Note
taken taken
thereafter thereafter
became became
custom custom
refer refer
“ “
greens green
” ”
“ “
blacks black
” ”
talking talking
queens queen
party party
party party
princess princess
respectively respectively
blacks black
greater greater
success success
tourney tourney
Criston Criston
wearing wearing
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
favor favor
unhorsed unhorsed
queens queen
champions champion
including including
two two
cousins cousin
youngest youngest
brother brother
Ser Ser
Gwayne Gwayne
Hightower Hightower
According According
accounts account
Septon Septon
Eustace Eustace
prior prior
turning turning
sixteen sixteen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
lost lost
virginity virginity
uncle uncle
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
seduced seduced
account account
fool fool
Mushroom Mushroom
scandalous scandalous
however however
claiming claiming
Daemon Daemon
gave gave
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
lessons lesson
seduce seduce
please please
man man
lessons lesson
Mushroom Mushroom
insists insists
took took
part part
well well
Mushrooms Mushrooms
account account
differs differs
Eustaces Eustaces
account account
Mushroom Mushroom
claims claim
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
remained remained
virgin virgin
lessons lesson
According According
Mushroom Mushroom
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
received received
lessons lesson
Daemon Daemon
love love
Criston Criston
Cole Cole
wanted wanted
see see
woman woman
Whichever Whichever
account account
true true
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Runciter Runciter
simply simply
claims claim
two two
brothers brother
quarreled quarreled
King King
Viserys Viserys
sent sent
brother brother
exile exile
age age
sixteen sixteen
AC AC
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
took took
possession possession
Dragonstone Dragonstone
courted courted
many many
lords lord
nobles noble
sought sought
hand hand
favor favor
sons son
Lords Lords
Blackwood Blackwood
Bracken Bracken
dueled dueled
Princess Princess
Dragonstone Dragonstone
visited visited
Trident Trident
AC AC
socalled socalled
Fool Fool
Frey Frey
asked asked
hand hand
marriage marriage
twin twin
knights knight
Jason Jason
Tyland Tyland
Lannister Lannister
wooed wooed
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
also also
courted courted
sons son
Lords Lords
Oakheart Oakheart
Tarly Tarly
Tully Tully
Tyrell Tyrell
Ser Ser
Harwin Harwin
Strong Strong
son son
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
Strong Strong
also also
courted courted
princess princess
King King
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
considered considered
wedding wedding
daughter daughter
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
bring bring
Dorne Dorne
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Queen Queen
Alicent Alicent
Hightower Hightower
pondered pondered
marriage marriage
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
instead instead
married married
Ser Ser
Laenor Laenor
Velaryon Velaryon
AC AC
though though
took took
Viseryss Viseryss
threat threat
removing removing
status status
heir heir
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
convince convince
accept accept
marriage marriage
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
feel feel
need need
marry marry
man man
interests interest
like like
Laenors Laenors
princess princess
reported reported
stated stated
half half
brothers brother
would would
taste taste
father father
Laenors Laenors
closest closest
friend friend
Ser Ser
Joffrey Joffrey
Lonmouth Lonmouth
mortally mortally
wounded wounded
Ser Ser
Criston Criston
Cole Cole
wedding wedding
tourney tourney
Laenor Laenor
chose chose
spend spend
time time
High High
Tide Tide
wife wife
preferred preferred
remain remain
court court
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
fond fond
Laenors Laenors
sister sister
Lady Lady
Laena Laena
Velaryon Velaryon
wed wed
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
death death
first first
wife wife
Lady Lady
Rhea Rhea
Royce Royce
Laenor Laenor
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
three three
sons son
together together
Princes Princes
Jacaerys Jacaerys
Jace Jace
Lucerys Lucerys
Luke Luke
Joffrey Joffrey
Joff Joff
Velaryon Velaryon
near near
adulthood adulthood
dragons dragon
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
father father
Viserys Viserys
died died
rumored rumored
sons son
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
actually actually
fathered fathered
lover lover
Harwin Harwin
Strong Strong
called called
Breakbones Breakbones
three three
born born
brown brown
hair hair
though though
Laenor Laenor
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
light light
silvergold silvergold
hair hair
true true
parentage parentage
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
three three
eldest eldest
children child
still still
unclear unclear
siblings sibling
Laenor Laenor
Laena Laena
Velaryon Velaryon
died died
AC AC
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
alleged alleged
lover lover
Breakbones Breakbones
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
secretly secretly
married married
uncle uncle
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
experienced experienced
warrior warrior
time time
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Septon Septon
Eustace Eustace
claimed claimed
two two
wed wed
secret secret
prevent prevent
Viserys Viserys
prohibiting prohibiting
marriage marriage
Mushroom Mushroom
suggested suggested
Daemon Daemon
aged aged
thirtynine thirtynine
already already
impregnated impregnated
princess princess
twentythree twentythree
news news
wedding wedding
caused caused
great great
scandal scandal
court court
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
made made
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
father father
livid livid
took took
time time
Viserys Viserys
Daemon Daemon
reconciled reconciled
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
sons son
Princes Princes
Aegon Aegon
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
fathered fathered
Daemon Daemon
King King
Viserys Viserys
cut cut
left left
hand hand
bone bone
stumbling stumbling
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
sent sent
maester maester
Gerardys Gerardys
treat treat
fathers father
wounds wound
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
designated designated
heir heir
father father
King King
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
desired desired
succeed succeed
Viseryss Viseryss
intent intent
confirmed confirmed
proclamation proclamation
Viserys Viserys
died died
AC AC
however however
Ser Ser
Otto Otto
Hightower Hightower
Hand Hand
King King
Ser Ser
Criston Criston
Cole Cole
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
possibly possibly
former former
lover lover
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
defied defied
kings king
instead instead
crowned crowned
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
halfbrother halfbrother
Queen Queen
Alicent Alicent
Hightowers Hightowers
son son
Aegon Aegon
II II
ten ten
years year
younger younger
brought brought
Targaryen Targaryen
civil civil
war war
known known
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
dragonriders dragonriders
fought fought
war war
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
rode rode
dragon dragon
Syrax Syrax
time time
fathers father
death death
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Dragonstone Dragonstone
awaiting awaiting
birth birth
sixth sixth
child child
greens green
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
ensured ensured
news news
Viseryss Viseryss
death death
reach reach
supporters supporter
Red Red
Keep Keep
dead dead
imprisoned imprisoned
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
coronation coronation
already already
occurred occurred
news news
reached reached
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
went went
black black
fury fury
went went
early early
labor labor
producing producing
deformed deformed
stillborn stillborn
daughter daughter
Visenya Visenya
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
blamed blamed
tragedy tragedy
enemies enemy
stolen stolen
crown crown
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
hastilyarranged hastilyarranged
coronation coronation
arrival arrival
Ser Ser
Steffon Steffon
Darklyn Darklyn
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Dragonstone Dragonstone
accompanied accompanied
supporters supporter
therefore therefore
celebrated celebrated
brought brought
crown crown
worn worn
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Viserys Viserys
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
crowned crowned
fathers father
crown crown
husband husband
uncle uncle
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
gain gain
support support
take take
throne throne
brother brother
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
sent sent
son son
Jace Jace
dragon dragon
treat treat
Arryns Arryns
Manderlys Manderlys
Starks Starks
son son
Luke Luke
treat treat
Lord Lord
Borros Borros
Baratheon Baratheon
Storms Storms
End End
Lukes Lukes
mission mission
thought thought
safer safer
journey journey
arrived arrived
Storms Storms
End End
find find
Queen Queen
Alicents Alicents
younger younger
son son
Aemond Aemond
already already
Aemond Aemond
riding riding
Vhagar Vhagar
killed killed
Luke Luke
Shipbreaker Shipbreaker
Bay Bay
attempted attempted
leave leave
failing failing
gain gain
Lord Lord
Borros Borros
allegiance allegiance
news news
Lukes Lukes
death death
devastated devastated
mother mother
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
took took
capital capital
sat sat
throne throne
roughly roughly
half half
year year
Upon Upon
taking taking
city city
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
insisted insisted
claiming claiming
fathers father
seat seat
climbed climbed
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
accepted accepted
pleas plea
forgiveness forgiveness
loyalty loyalty
Red Red
Keep Keep
throughout throughout
night night
Although Although
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
dressed dressed
armor armor
Septon Septon
Eustace Eustace
claimed claimed
present present
witnessed witnessed
throne throne
leaving leaving
several several
cuts cut
legs leg
left left
hand hand
dripping dripping
blood blood
taken taken
sign sign
throne throne
rejected rejected
days day
ruler ruler
would would
Eustace Eustace
claims claim
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
would would
continuously continuously
cut cut
frequently frequently
sat sat
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
became became
stout stout
gluttony gluttony
time time
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
living living
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
initially initially
welcomed welcomed
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
return return
ruler ruler
always always
little little
love love
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
brother brother
Aemond Aemond
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
power power
sent sent
knights knight
inquisitor inquisitor
pursue pursue
helped helped
Aegon Aegon
escape escape
capital capital
spikes spike
gates gate
started started
filled filled
heads head
day day
although although
late late
king king
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
left left
treasure treasure
vaults vault
full full
gold gold
upon upon
death death
treasury treasury
completely completely
empty empty
time time
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
taken taken
city city
greens green
sent sent
three three
quarters quarter
gold gold
away away
safekeeping safekeeping
spent spent
rest rest
prior prior
fall fall
capital capital
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
desperate desperate
need need
coin coin
Lord Lord
Bartimos Bartimos
Celtigar Celtigar
new new
master master
coin coin
placed placed
new new
taxes tax
populace populace
increased increased
day day
day day
smallfolk smallfolk
slowly slowly
started started
turn turn
eventually eventually
named named
King King
Maegor Maegor
teats teat
term term
Maegors Maegors
Teats Teats
became became
common common
curse curse
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
hundred hundred
years year
thereafter thereafter
hearing hearing
Two Two
Betrayers Betrayers
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
grew grew
paranoid paranoid
declared declared
two two
remaining remaining
dragonseeds dragonseeds
Ser Ser
Addam Addam
Velaryon Velaryon
girl girl
Nettles Nettles
traitors traitor
decision decision
disastrous disastrous
consequences consequence
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
Hand Hand
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
named named
Addam Addam
heir heir
alerted alerted
Addam Addam
time time
knight knight
flee flee
upon upon
back back
dragon dragon
Seasmoke Seasmoke
led led
arrest arrest
Corlys Corlys
caused caused
fleet fleet
House House
Velaryon Velaryon
abandon abandon
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
cause cause
order order
girl girl
Nettles Nettles
killed killed
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
sent sent
letter letter
Lord Lord
Manfryd Manfryd
Mooton Mooton
commanding commanding
kill kill
girl girl
Lord Lord
Mooton Mooton
refused refused
Nettles Nettles
protection protection
guest guest
right right
feared feared
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
would would
kill kill
followed followed
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
orders order
saw saw
winning winning
option option
since since
refusing refusing
obey obey
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
order order
would would
make make
traitor traitor
crown crown
Insisting Insisting
kings king
Viserys Viserys
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
would would
never never
asked asked
thing thing
Manfryd Manfryd
decided decided
change change
allegiance allegiance
Aegon Aegon
II II
Nettles Nettles
Daemon Daemon
left left
roof roof
massive massive
riot riot
soon soon
sprang sprang
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
suicide suicide
Helaena Helaena
Targaryen Targaryen
beloved beloved
small small
folk folk
Many Many
said said
killed killed
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
orders order
fact fact
story story
easily easily
believed believed
showed showed
much much
city city
turned turned
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
riots riot
soon soon
escalated escalated
storming storming
Dragonpit Dragonpit
death death
son son
Joffrey Joffrey
Velaryon Velaryon
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
fled fled
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
aftermath aftermath
deaths death
children child
refused refused
let let
Aegon Aegon
sight sight
Terrorized Terrorized
despairing despairing
grew grew
grey grey
haggard haggard
traveled traveled
past past
Rosby Rosby
Stokeworth Stokeworth
Duskendale Duskendale
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
forced forced
sell sell
crown crown
raise raise
coin coin
buy buy
passage passage
Braavosi Braavosi
merchant merchant
ship ship
Violande Violande
reached reached
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
betrayed betrayed
Ser Ser
Alfred Alfred
Broome Broome
whose whose
men men
slew slew
remainder remainder
Queensguard Queensguard
halfbrother halfbrother
Aegon Aegon
II II
fed fed
dragon dragon
Sunfyre Sunfyre
Dragonstone Dragonstone
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
decreed decreed
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
never never
queen queen
referred referred
princess princess
chronicles chronicle
court court
records record
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
three three
eldest eldest
sons son
died died
fighting fighting
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
two two
youngest youngest
sons son
sons son
second second
husband husband
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
survived survived
civil civil
war war
war war
ended ended
Aegon Aegon
II II
died died
AC AC
male male
issue issue
succeeded succeeded
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
Daemons Daemons
elder elder
son son
boy boy
Aegon Aegon
III III
seen seen
mothers mother
death death
dragon dragon
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
second second
son son
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
would would
also also
later later
rule rule
King King
Viserys Viserys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sons son
brother brother
Aegon Aegon
III III
Daeron Daeron
Baelor Baelor
later later
died died
without without
issue issue
Neither Neither
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Aegon Aegon
II II
remembered remembered
well well
history history
Westeros Westeros
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
mentions mention
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
listing listing
historical historical
figures figure
killed killed
treason treason
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Dear Dear
brother brother
hoped hoped
dead dead
Aegon Aegon
elderI elderI
offered offered
honorable honorable
peace peace
whore whore
spat spat
face face
happens happens
headDaemon headDaemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
brothers brother
Toyne Toyne
Vulture Vulture
King King
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Hareth Hareth
traitors traitor
always always
paid paid
lives life
even even
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
daughter daughter
one one
king king
mother mother
two two
yet yet
died died
traitors traitor
death death
trying trying
usurp usurp
brothers brother
crown crown
earlier earlier
drafts draft
family family
tree tree
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
created created
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
several several
different different
husbands husband
first first
draft draft
married married
Lannister Lannister
children child
new new
draft draft
featured featured
semicanon semicanon
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Roleplaying Roleplaying
game game
produced produced
Green Green
Ronin Ronin
Publishing Publishing
listed listed
husband husband
Lyonel Lyonel
Strong Strong
three three
sons son
sons son
identified identified
name name
final final
draft draft
featured featured
Rogue Rogue
Prince Prince
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
married married
first first
Laenor Laenor
Velaryon Velaryon
three three
sons son
Jacaerys Jacaerys
Lucerys Lucerys
Joffrey Joffrey
Velaryon Velaryon
rumored rumored
fathered fathered
Ser Ser
Harwin Harwin
Strong Strong
final final
version version
Harwins Harwins
father father
called called
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
Strong Strong
Additionally Additionally
deaths death
Laenor Laenor
Harwin Harwin
AC AC
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
married married
uncle uncle
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
three three
children child
two two
sons son
stillborn stillborn
daughter daughter
flight flight
Dragonstone Dragonstone
designates designates
journey journey
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
island island
Dragonstone Dragonstone
made made
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
small small
escort escort
end end
AC AC
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
early early
AC AC
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
led led
blacks black
taking taking
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
greens green
inhabitants inhabitant
city city
bear bear
love love
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
regent regent
brother brother
Prince Prince
Aemond Aemond
Targaryen Targaryen
welcomed welcomed
arrival arrival
queen queen
However However
executions execution
ordered ordered
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
increase increase
taxes tax
implemented implemented
master master
coin coin
Lord Lord
Bartimos Bartimos
Celtigar Celtigar
made made
new new
queen queen
hated hated
Kingslanders Kingslanders
point point
Realms Realms
Delight Delight
became became
known known
streets street
King King
Maegor Maegor
teats teat
greens green
victory victory
First First
Battle Battle
Tumbleton Tumbleton
worsened worsened
situation situation
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
terrorized terrorized
advancing advancing
green green
army army
close close
death death
Queen Queen
Helaena Helaena
Targaryen Targaryen
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
sisterwife sisterwife
taken taken
captive captive
blacks black
citys city
fall fall
triggered triggered
many many
riots riot
throughout throughout
city city
led led
Storming Storming
Dragonpit Dragonpit
consequences consequence
terrible terrible
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
dragons dragon
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
massacred massacred
angry angry
crowd crowd
thousands thousand
men men
burned burned
crushed crushed
Hill Hill
Rhaenys Rhaenys
flames flame
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
Velaryon Velaryon
son son
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
died died
trying trying
save save
dragon dragon
Tyraxes Tyraxes
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryens Targaryens
advisers adviser
agreed agreed
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
could could
longer longer
held held
persuaded persuaded
flee flee
four four
ladiesinwaiting ladiesinwaiting
last last
living living
sonN sonN
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Younger Younger
queens queen
fool fool
dwarf dwarf
Mushroom Mushroom
remained remained
behind behind
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
royal royal
escort escort
composed composed
party party
left left
Red Red
Keep Keep
dawn dawn
day day
following following
riots riot
slipping slipping
city city
Dragon Dragon
Gate Gate
rode rode
along along
coast coast
towards towards
Duskendale Duskendale
flight flight
proved proved
difficult difficult
Rosby Rosby
castle castle
closed closed
gates gate
approached approached
Stokeworth Stokeworth
castellan castellan
granted granted
hospitality hospitality
one one
night night
Half Half
gold gold
cloaks cloak
deserted deserted
Balon Balon
Lyonel Lyonel
killed killed
outlaw outlaw
attack attack
Duskendale Duskendale
Lady Lady
Meredyth Meredyth
Darklyn Darklyn
opened opened
gates gate
Dun Dun
Fort Fort
condition condition
would would
stay stay
long long
intervention intervention
Harrold Harrold
kin kin
DarklynsN DarklynsN
help help
Lady Lady
Darklyns Darklyns
maester maester
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
sent sent
three three
ravens raven
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Gerardys Gerardys
Dragonstone Dragonstone
asking asking
ship ship
come come
sail sail
home home
ship ship
came came
Lord Lord
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
Lady Lady
Jeyne Jeyne
Arryn Arryn
wrote wrote
support support
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
cause cause
although although
would would
take take
time time
distant distant
armies army
reach reach
queen queen
Lady Lady
Darklyn Darklyn
revoked revoked
hospitality hospitality
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
forced forced
sell sell
crown crown
buy buy
passage passage
Braavosi Braavosi
merchant merchant
ship ship
Violande Violande
Harrold Harrold
advised advised
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
sail sail
Lady Lady
Arryn Arryn
Vale Vale
Manderly Manderly
brothers brother
offered offered
bring bring
White White
Harbor Harbor
queen queen
refused refused
however however
sailing sailing
instead instead
seat seat
Dragonstone Dragonstone
hoped hoped
hatch hatch
dragon dragon
egg egg
remaining remaining
gold gold
cloaks cloak
stayed stayed
Duskendale Duskendale
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
arrived arrived
Dragonstone Dragonstone
twentysecond twentysecond
day day
tenth tenth
moon moon
AC AC
Manderlys Manderlys
returning returning
north north
aboard aboard
Violande Violande
Ser Ser
Alfred Alfred
Broome Broome
forty forty
guards guard
escorted escorted
queens queen
diminished diminished
party party
harbor harbor
castle castle
found found
corpses corps
Gerardys Gerardys
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Quince Quince
Queensguard Queensguard
slow slow
understand understand
Alfred Alfred
betrayed betrayed
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
three three
knights knight
killed killed
Alfreds Alfreds
guards guard
quick quick
cordial cordial
exchange exchange
halfsister halfsister
halfbrother halfbrother
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
forcefully forcefully
separated separated
son son
placed placed
front front
Sunfyre Sunfyre
burned burned
dragonflame dragonflame
devoured devoured
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Younger Younger
forced forced
watch watch
mother mother
die die
Elinda Elinda
Massey Massey
supposedly supposedly
gouged gouged
eyes eye
sight sight
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
ladies lady
son son
made made
prisoners prisoner
greens green
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryens Targaryens
flight flight
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
left left
power power
vacuum vacuum
capital capital
three three
monarchs monarch
Trystane Trystane
Truefyre Truefyre
Gaemon Gaemon
Palehair Palehair
Shepherd Shepherd
took took
control control
parts part
city city
Moon Moon
Three Three
Kings Kings
Lord Lord
Borros Borros
Baratheon Baratheon
eventually eventually
marched marched
city city
support support
greens green
death death
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
hurt hurt
cause cause
blacks black
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
forced forced
remain remain
Dragonstone Dragonstone
since since
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
blocked blocked
Velaryon Velaryon
fleet fleet
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
continued continued
claim claim
captive captive
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Younger Younger
taken taken
Lord Lord
Kermit Kermit
Tully Tully
Lord Lord
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
Lady Lady
Jeyne Jeyne
Arryn Arryn
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Dear Dear
brother brother
hoped hoped
dead dead
Aegon Aegon
elder elder
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
pleased pleased
know know
remember remember
would would
seem seem
prisoners prisoner
think think
hold hold
us u
long long
leal leal
lords lord
find find
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Untold Untold
History History
Westeros Westeros
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
companion companion
volume volume
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
provisionally provisionally
known known
world world
book book
book book
written written
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
collaboration collaboration
Elio Elio
Garcia Garcia
Linda Linda
Antonsson Antonsson
United United
States States
book book
published published
Bantam Bantam
United United
Kingdom Kingdom
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
released released
October October
th th
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
announced announced
website website
signed signed
contract contract
Bantam Bantam
Books Books
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
September September
write write
book book
Martin Martin
enlisted enlisted
aid aid
Elio Elio
García García
Linda Linda
Antonsson Antonsson
founders founder
Westerosorg Westerosorg
largest largest
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
community community
online online
concordance concordance
information information
series series
internet internet
time time
Martin Martin
envisioned envisioned
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
done done
couple couple
years year
However However
project project
took took
much much
longer longer
complete complete
grew grew
larger larger
initially initially
intended intended
September September
Martin Martin
mentioned mentioned
blog blog
writing writing
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
revealed revealed
hundred hundred
three three
manuscript manuscript
pages page
finished finished
release release
eventually eventually
set set
late late
February February
year year
book book
became became
available available
preorder preorder
Amazoncom Amazoncom
However However
May May
García García
confirmed confirmed
book book
pushed pushed
back back
full full
year year
March March
books book
final final
title title
decided decided
upon upon
final final
piece piece
text text
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
completed completed
book book
released released
October October
th th
Martin Martin
wrote wrote
lot lot
text text
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
first first
intended intended
delivering delivering
words word
sidebars sidebar
book book
volume volume
words word
text text
Using Using
abridged abridged
versions version
texts text
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
longer longer
unabridged unabridged
version version
set set
released released
history history
book book
called called
Fire Fire
Blood Blood
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
divided divided
several several
parts part
book book
contains contains
artwork artwork
twentyseven twentyseven
different different
artists artist
art art
book book
family family
trees tree
displayed displayed
appendix appendix
completely completely
outofuniverse outofuniverse
sample sample
chapters chapter
released released
months month
prior prior
release release
book book
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
released released
Fact Fact
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
days day
leading leading
release release
book book
Twitter Twitter
account account
English English
language language
versions version
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
available available
two two
versions version
red red
cover cover
displayed displayed
top top
page page
black black
cover cover
former former
version version
book book
published published
Bantam Bantam
latter latter
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
typos typo
mistakes mistake
first first
editions edition
book book
Among Among
Alysanne Alysanne
Blackwood Blackwood
aunt aunt
Benjicot Benjicot
Blackwood Blackwood
sister sister
well well
mistakes mistake
genealogy genealogy
trees tree
Garcia Garcia
stated stated
corrected corrected
future future
editions edition
conceit conceit
book book
inuniverse inuniverse
history history
text text
written written
Maester Maester
Yandel Yandel
originally originally
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
However However
Yandel Yandel
lived lived
deaths death
Robert Robert
Joffrey Joffrey
edition edition
published published
version version
produced produced
Yandel Yandel
time time
fifth fifth
novel novel
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
result result
Garcia Garcia
explained explained
fear fear
angering angering
Lannisters Lannisters
Yandel Yandel
cut cut
original original
draft draft
bare bare
minimum minimum
material material
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
several several
figures figure
north north
North North
one one
constituent constituent
regions region
Westeros Westeros
sovereign sovereign
nation nation
ruled ruled
Kings Kings
North North
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
largest largest
region region
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
dominion dominion
House House
Stark Stark
extends extends
border border
New New
Gift Gift
controlled controlled
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
southern southern
edge edge
Neck Neck
far far
south south
north north
ruled ruled
Starks Starks
thousands thousand
years year
castle castle
known known
Winterfell Winterfell
city city
region region
White White
Harbor Harbor
prominent prominent
northern northern
towns town
winter winter
town town
Barrowton Barrowton
Notable Notable
bannermen bannermen
region region
include include
Bolton Bolton
Cerwyn Cerwyn
Dustin Dustin
Flint Flint
Glover Glover
Hornwood Hornwood
Karstark Karstark
Manderly Manderly
Mormont Mormont
Reed Reed
Ryswell Ryswell
Tallhart Tallhart
Umber Umber
Bastards Bastards
noble noble
origin origin
raised raised
north north
given given
surname surname
Snow Snow
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
indicated indicated
Scotland Scotland
inspiration inspiration
north north
say say
vast vast
north north
nearly nearly
large large
rest rest
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
combined combined
actuality actuality
roughly roughly
third third
landmass landmass
controlled controlled
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
region region
sparsely sparsely
populated populated
vast vast
wilderness wilderness
forests forest
pinecovered pinecovered
hills hill
snowcapped snowcapped
mountains mountain
speckled speckled
tiny tiny
villages village
holdfasts holdfast
climate climate
cold cold
harsh harsh
winter winter
occasionally occasionally
snow snow
summer summer
north north
two two
major major
land land
barriers barrier
Wall Wall
north north
Neck Neck
south south
north north
bound bound
side side
major major
seas sea
Shivering Shivering
Sea Sea
east east
Sunset Sunset
Sea Sea
west west
Winterfell Winterfell
ancestral ancestral
seat seat
House House
Stark Stark
large large
castle castle
centre centre
north north
Nearby Nearby
winter winter
town town
vast vast
wolfswood wolfswood
largest largest
forest forest
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
extends extends
northwest northwest
Bay Bay
Ice Ice
Sea Sea
Dragon Dragon
Point Point
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
seat seat
House House
Glover Glover
lies lie
western western
wolfswood wolfswood
House House
Mormont Mormont
rules rule
Bear Bear
Island Island
Bay Bay
Ice Ice
northern northern
mountains mountain
extend extend
wolfswood wolfswood
Wall Wall
inhabited inhabited
northern northern
mountain mountain
clans clan
South South
wolfswood wolfswood
hilly hilly
terrain terrain
several several
large large
lakes lake
Torrhens Torrhens
Square Square
seat seat
House House
Tallhart Tallhart
largest largest
lakes lake
Farther Farther
west west
along along
Sunset Sunset
Sea Sea
Stony Stony
Shore Shore
contains contains
fishing fishing
villages village
Southeast Southeast
Stony Stony
Shore Shore
north north
Blazewater Blazewater
Bay Bay
Rills Rills
plains plain
ruled ruled
House House
Ryswell Ryswell
East East
Rills Rills
south south
Winterfell Winterfell
barrowlands barrowlands
hilly hilly
plains plain
dotted dotted
barrows barrow
First First
Men Men
House House
Dustin Dustin
rules rule
large large
town town
Barrowton Barrowton
unnamed unnamed
rivers river
flow flow
south south
Barrowton Barrowton
near near
Torrhens Torrhens
Square Square
Saltspear Saltspear
another another
unnamed unnamed
river river
divides divide
Stony Stony
Shore Shore
Rills Rills
South South
barrowlands barrowlands
Neck Neck
isthmus isthmus
forming forming
border border
riverlands riverlands
south south
vast vast
swamp swamp
source source
Green Green
Fork Fork
Neck Neck
home home
crannogmen crannogmen
House House
Reed Reed
rules rule
moving moving
castle castle
Greywater Greywater
Watch Watch
ruined ruined
castle castle
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
causeway causeway
near near
Fever Fever
River River
controls control
access access
north north
Neck Neck
Kings Kings
North North
held held
southron southron
invasions invasion
large large
peninsula peninsula
west west
Neck Neck
south south
Saltspear Saltspear
Blazewater Blazewater
Bay Bay
Flints Flints
Finger Finger
home home
House House
Flint Flint
Flints Flints
Finger Finger
north north
shore shore
Cape Cape
Kraken Kraken
Flint Flint
Cliffs Cliffs
along along
western western
southern southern
shores shore
South South
peninsula peninsula
Ironmans Ironmans
Bay Bay
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
East East
barrowlands barrowlands
White White
Knife Knife
major major
river river
north north
source source
Long Long
Lake Lake
northeast northeast
Winterfell Winterfell
Castle Castle
Cerwyn Cerwyn
seat seat
House House
Cerwyn Cerwyn
near near
tributary tributary
south south
Winterfell Winterfell
White White
Knife Knife
runs run
south south
White White
Harbor Harbor
one one
major major
cities city
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
main main
port port
north north
Southeast Southeast
White White
Harbor Harbor
Oldcastle Oldcastle
seat seat
House House
Locke Locke
farther farther
east east
Ramsgate Ramsgate
Broken Broken
Branch Branch
source source
Sheepshead Sheepshead
Hills Hills
northeast northeast
White White
Harbor Harbor
Widows Widows
Watch Watch
castle castle
House House
Flint Flint
Widows Widows
Watch Watch
built built
isolated isolated
peninsula peninsula
east east
Ramsgate Ramsgate
Shivering Shivering
Sea Sea
Bite Bite
separates separate
southeastern southeastern
North North
much much
influenced influenced
House House
Manderly Manderly
White White
Harbor Harbor
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
Hornwood Hornwood
seat seat
House House
Hornwood Hornwood
Hornwood Hornwood
forest forest
north north
White White
Harbor Harbor
south south
Dreadfort Dreadfort
seat seat
House House
Bolton Bolton
Dreadfort Dreadfort
lies lie
near near
Weeping Weeping
Water Water
flows flow
east east
Shivering Shivering
Sea Sea
Northeast Northeast
Dreadfort Dreadfort
forested forested
lands land
House House
Karstark Karstark
East East
castle castle
Karhold Karhold
Grey Grey
Cliffs Cliffs
Bay Bay
Seals Seals
several several
islands island
including including
Skagos Skagos
uninhabited uninhabited
Skane Skane
largest largest
Skagos Skagos
said said
inhabited inhabited
cannibals cannibal
unicorns unicorn
nominally nominally
controlled controlled
Starks Starks
Winterfell Winterfell
North North
Winterfell Winterfell
Dreadfort Dreadfort
northwest northwest
Karhold Karhold
lands land
House House
Umber Umber
whose whose
castle castle
Last Last
Hearth Hearth
forest forest
Umbers Umbers
control control
Lonely Lonely
Hills Hills
land land
along along
Bay Bay
Seals Seals
Beginning Beginning
near near
Last Last
Hearth Hearth
Last Last
River River
flows flow
southeast southeast
Karhold Karhold
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Wall Wall
colossal colossal
fortification fortification
protects protects
north north
threats threat
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
wildlings wildlings
separated separated
northern northern
lands land
owing owing
allegiance allegiance
Winterfell Winterfell
Gift Gift
lands land
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
north north
Umbers Umbers
lands land
Winterfell Winterfell
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
along along
kingsroad kingsroad
connects connects
Castle Castle
Black Black
Wall Wall
riverlands riverlands
south south
farms farm
holdfasts holdfast
inns inn
villages village
along along
road road
video video
game game
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Telltale Telltale
Games Games
Series Series
House House
Forrester Forrester
lives life
Ironrath Ironrath
wolfswod wolfswod
rivals rival
House House
Whitehill Whitehill
live live
Highpoint Highpoint
wolfswood wolfswood
northern northern
mountains mountain
name name
Rillwater Rillwater
Crossing Crossing
seat seat
House House
Glenmore Glenmore
suggests suggests
may may
Rills Rills
north north
strongly strongly
affected affected
long long
winters winter
thousands thousand
people people
killed killed
famine famine
common common
occurrence occurrence
due due
poor poor
harvests harvest
winter winter
inability inability
raise raise
crops crop
longer longer
winters winter
last last
years year
end end
greater greater
lords lord
maintain maintain
greenhouses greenhouse
castles castle
glass glass
gardens garden
Winterfell Winterfell
autumn autumn
declared declared
Citadel Citadel
lords lord
north north
store store
away away
part part
grain grain
harvested harvested
much much
matter matter
choice choice
one one
fifth fifth
one one
fourth fourth
seems seems
prudent prudent
however however
Additionally Additionally
food food
smoked smoked
salted salted
otherwise otherwise
preserved preserved
ahead ahead
winter winter
Coastal Coastal
communities community
depend depend
fish fish
inland inland
ice ice
fishing fishing
common common
rivers river
Long Long
Lake Lake
Poor Poor
harvests harvest
winter winter
mean mean
famine famine
however however
winter winter
snows snow
fall fall
forty forty
feet foot
deep deep
Rain Rain
falls fall
cold cold
hard hard
sometimes sometimes
turns turn
hail hail
send send
men men
running running
cover cover
ruin ruin
crops crop
Even Even
summer summer
snowfalls snowfall
unusual unusual
tend tend
brief brief
particularly particularly
damaging damaging
agriculture agriculture
northmen northman
descended descended
First First
Men Men
although although
centuries century
intermarriage intermarriage
Andals Andals
conquered conquered
south south
Neck Neck
Old Old
Tongue Tongue
spoken spoken
First First
Men Men
antiquity antiquity
replaced replaced
north north
Common Common
Tongue Tongue
earlier earlier
language language
spoken spoken
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Northern Northern
accounts account
considered considered
frosted frosted
Northmen Northmen
Karstarks Karstarks
Umbers Umbers
often often
large large
stature stature
thick thick
beards beard
long long
hair hair
heavy heavy
cloaks cloak
wool wool
fur fur
Northmen Northmen
sometimes sometimes
referred referred
wolves wolf
ironborn ironborn
southrons southrons
constant constant
cold cold
iron iron
grip grip
winter winter
set set
apart apart
northerners northerner
people people
kingdoms kingdom
south south
Neck Neck
norths north
terrain terrain
climate climate
easily easily
yield yield
necessities necessity
daily daily
life life
Northmen Northmen
place place
less le
emphasis emphasis
courtly courtly
ritual ritual
culture culture
instead instead
prefer prefer
hunting hunting
brawling brawling
tourneys tourney
often often
melees melee
rarely rarely
feature feature
jousting jousting
Guest Guest
right right
treasured treasured
north north
Northmen Northmen
long long
memories memory
lord lord
seek seek
rightful rightful
vengeance vengeance
threatens threatens
men men
turn turn
northmen northman
live live
remote remote
distant distant
areas area
act act
little little
clans clan
tribes tribe
remote remote
folk folk
crannogmen crannogmen
northern northern
mountain mountain
clans clan
Skagosi Skagosi
still still
vassals vassal
Starks Starks
however however
allowed allowed
maintain maintain
ways way
traditions tradition
long long
remain remain
loyal loyal
Winterfell Winterfell
maesters maesters
believe believe
blood blood
Cape Cape
Krakens Krakens
people people
closer closer
ironborn ironborn
northmen northman
norths north
people people
still still
follow follow
old old
gods god
heart heart
trees tree
little little
inclination inclination
newer newer
religions religion
houses house
follow follow
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
including including
Houses Houses
Manderly Manderly
Wells Wells
Whitehill Whitehill
Due Due
religious religious
aspect aspect
northmen northman
refuse refuse
take take
holy holy
orders order
thus thus
can can
not not
become become
knights knight
although although
northern northern
cavalry cavalry
knights knight
still still
follow follow
old old
gods god
instead instead
Seven Seven
knights knight
north north
live live
regions region
southern southern
lands land
White White
Harbor Harbor
barrowlands barrowlands
Heraldry Heraldry
north north
simpler simpler
southern southern
Westeros Westeros
showing showing
lesser lesser
influence influence
chivalry chivalry
Northmen Northmen
hold hold
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
high high
regard regard
many many
lords lord
send send
annual annual
gifts gift
support support
black black
brothers brother
north north
largely largely
uncultivated uncultivated
roads road
import import
inland inland
trade trade
passes pass
either either
kingsroad kingsroad
rivers river
Trade Trade
items item
north north
include include
wool wool
hides hide
timber timber
White White
Harbor Harbor
contains contains
silversmiths silversmith
Old Old
Mint Mint
norths north
exact exact
military military
strength strength
yet yet
revealed revealed
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
north north
perhaps perhaps
raise raise
fortyfive fortyfive
thousand thousand
soldiers soldier
although although
would would
take take
long long
time time
gather gather
large large
region region
According According
George George
RR RR
Martin Martin
norths north
military military
strength strength
equal equal
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
Dorne Dorne
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
King King
Torrhen Torrhen
Stark Stark
raised raised
army army
thirty thirty
thousand thousand
men men
Nearly Nearly
twenty twenty
thousand thousand
raised raised
short short
notice notice
near near
start start
autumn autumn
thousands thousand
might might
raised raised
distant distant
houses house
northern northern
mountain mountain
clans clan
time time
allowed allowed
semicanon semicanon
source source
places place
infantrytocavalry infantrytocavalry
ratio ratio
four four
one one
House House
Manderly Manderly
southron southron
origins origin
known known
command command
heavy heavy
horse horse
north north
Neck Neck
Mail Mail
common common
armor armor
found found
north north
knighthood knighthood
associated associated
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
majority majority
northmen northman
holds hold
old old
gods god
knighthood knighthood
rare rare
north north
north north
strength strength
sea sea
since since
Brandon Brandon
Burner Burner
set set
fire fire
remaining remaining
fleet fleet
father father
Brandon Brandon
Shipwright Shipwright
peoples people
north north
nearly nearly
descended descended
First First
Men Men
settled settled
land land
nearly nearly
twelve twelve
thousand thousand
years year
ago ago
Little Little
known known
time time
cryptic cryptic
runes rune
carved carved
old old
stones stone
barrows barrow
First First
Men Men
lived lived
still still
found found
barrowlands barrowlands
Ancient Ancient
forts fort
First First
Men Men
scattered scattered
throughout throughout
north north
including including
ringfort ringfort
atop atop
Seal Seal
Rock Rock
near near
White White
Harbor Harbor
ruins ruin
Sea Sea
Dragon Dragon
Point Point
children child
forest forest
also also
made made
weirwood weirwood
circles circle
eight eight
thousand thousand
years year
ago ago
legendary legendary
Long Long
Night Night
occurred occurred
Others Others
invaded invaded
Lands Lands
Always Always
Winter Winter
event event
defined defined
shaped shaped
north north
leading leading
founding founding
Wall Wall
order order
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
castle castle
Winterfell Winterfell
first first
Stark Stark
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
Brandon Brandon
Breaker Breaker
said said
allied allied
Joramun Joramun
KingBeyondtheWall KingBeyondtheWall
bring bring
Nights Nights
King King
Starks Starks
gradually gradually
defeated defeated
rival rival
kings king
Barrow Barrow
Kings Kings
south south
Red Red
Kings Kings
east east
Andal Andal
invasion invasion
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
stopped stopped
Andals Andals
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
eastern eastern
shores shore
kingdom kingdom
Westeros Westeros
King King
Jon Jon
Stark Stark
founded founded
Wolfs Wolfs
Den Den
mouth mouth
White White
Knife Knife
driving driving
sea sea
raiders raider
son son
Rickard Rickard
Stark Stark
conquered conquered
Neck Neck
Marsh Marsh
King King
married married
daughter daughter
King King
Rodrik Rodrik
Stark Stark
said said
Bear Bear
Island Island
ironborn ironborn
wrestling wrestling
match match
Two Two
thousand thousand
years year
ago ago
north north
warred warred
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
Rape Rape
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
Arryns Arryns
eventually eventually
gaining gaining
control control
islands island
War War
Across Across
Water Water
Thousands Thousands
years year
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
King King
Brandon Brandon
Shipwright Shipwright
attempted attempted
sail sail
across across
Sunset Sunset
Sea Sea
never never
returned returned
back back
home home
son son
also also
named named
Brandon Brandon
burned burned
northern northern
shipyards shipyard
grief grief
north north
since since
lacked lacked
strength strength
sea sea
many many
centuries century
Boltons Boltons
bitter bitter
rivals rival
Starks Starks
Winterfell Winterfell
practice practice
flaying flaying
enemies enemy
gave gave
Boltons Boltons
sinister sinister
reputation reputation
said said
thousand thousand
years year
ago ago
Boltons Boltons
finally finally
swore swore
fealty fealty
Kings Kings
North North
agreed agreed
abandon abandon
practice practice
flaying flaying
enemies enemy
thousand thousand
years year
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
Manderlys Manderlys
driven driven
river river
Mander Mander
House House
Gardener Gardener
Kings Kings
Reach Reach
fled fled
north north
welcomed welcomed
Starks Starks
Winterfell Winterfell
bannermen bannermen
Manderlys Manderlys
received received
Wolfs Wolfs
Den Den
developed developed
White White
Harbor Harbor
one one
five five
cities city
Westeros Westeros
main main
northern northern
port port
commerce commerce
naval naval
transport transport
Manderlys Manderlys
prominent prominent
northern northern
noble noble
houses house
follow follow
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
instead instead
old old
gods god
Starks Starks
led led
north north
war war
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
Field Field
Fire Fire
however however
King King
Torrhen Torrhen
Stark Stark
knelt knelt
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
rather rather
face face
dragons dragon
north north
included included
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
owed owed
allegiance allegiance
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
Stark Stark
Kings Kings
North North
became became
Lords Lords
Winterfell Winterfell
Wardens Wardens
North North
northmen northman
refused refused
bend bend
knee knee
fled fled
exile exile
Essos Essos
formed formed
Company Company
Rose Rose
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
convinced convinced
husband husband
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
grant grant
New New
Gift Gift
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
despite despite
objections objection
Lord Lord
Ellard Ellard
Stark Stark
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Starks Starks
supported supported
blacks black
greens green
Lord Lord
Roderick Roderick
Dustin Dustin
led led
two two
thousand thousand
northern northern
soldiers soldier
known known
Winter Winter
Wolves Wolves
war war
Manderlys Manderlys
knights knight
White White
Harbor Harbor
also also
support support
claim claim
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
Lord Lord
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
led led
great great
host host
northmen northman
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
briefly briefly
ruled ruled
Hand Hand
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
Hour Hour
Wolf Wolf
Lord Lord
Dagon Dagon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
led led
ironborn ironborn
raiding raiding
north north
reign reign
King King
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Lord Lord
Beron Beron
Stark Stark
gathered gathered
swords sword
repel repel
people people
north north
must must
vigilant vigilant
wildlings wildlings
manage manage
bypass bypass
Wall Wall
One One
KingbeyondtheWall KingbeyondtheWall
Raymun Raymun
Redbeard Redbeard
defeated defeated
Starks Starks
Umbers Umbers
Long Long
Lake Lake
century century
ago ago
Skagosi Skagosi
unsuccessfully unsuccessfully
rebelled rebelled
Starks Starks
costing costing
lives life
Lord Lord
Barthogan Barthogan
Stark Stark
hundreds hundred
supporters supporter
northmen northman
composed composed
much much
rebel rebel
forces force
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
also also
known known
War War
Usurper Usurper
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
caused caused
deaths death
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
Stark Stark
heir heir
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
successor successor
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
led led
armies army
alongside alongside
Lord Lord
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
crowned crowned
King King
Robert Robert
wars war
end end
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
travels travel
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Winterfell Winterfell
offer offer
position position
Hand Hand
King King
old old
friend friend
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Warden Warden
North North
reluctantly reluctantly
accepts accepts
Eddard Eddard
later later
imprisoned imprisoned
Red Red
Keep Keep
death death
Robert Robert
heir heir
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
calls call
northern northern
banners banner
Winterfell Winterfell
marches march
south south
rescue rescue
Eddard Eddard
strength strength
nearly nearly
twenty twenty
thousand thousand
close close
start start
autumn autumn
House House
Karstark Karstark
contributes contributes
least least
two two
thousand thousand
three three
hundred hundred
men men
mostly mostly
infantry infantry
House House
Manderly Manderly
provides provides
least least
fifteen fifteen
hundred hundred
full full
strength strength
House House
Dustin Dustin
sends sends
minimal minimal
amount amount
four four
thousand thousand
armored armored
lances lance
come come
Winterfell Winterfell
three three
four four
hundred hundred
knights knight
Robb Robb
victorious victorious
House House
Lannister Lannister
forces force
Whispering Whispering
Wood Wood
Battle Battle
Camps Camps
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
defeated defeated
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Green Green
Fork Fork
hearing hearing
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
ordered ordered
execution execution
Eddard Eddard
assembled assembled
northern northern
river river
lords lord
Riverrun Riverrun
reject reject
sovereignty sovereignty
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
proclaim proclaim
Robb Robb
King King
North North
Robb Robb
campaigning campaigning
south south
Neck Neck
younger younger
brother brother
Bran Bran
remains remains
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
hosts host
various various
bannermen bannermen
Winterfells Winterfells
harvest harvest
feast feast
AC AC
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
castellan castellan
Winterfell Winterfell
allows allows
House House
Manderly Manderly
begin begin
construction construction
fleet fleet
aid aid
House House
Umber Umber
Ramsay Ramsay
Snow Snow
Bastard Bastard
Bolton Bolton
abducts abducts
widowed widowed
Lady Lady
Donella Donella
Hornwood Hornwood
claims claim
lands land
Hornwoods Hornwoods
hearing hearing
Ramsay Ramsay
starved starved
Donella Donella
Manderlys Manderlys
skirmish skirmish
Boltons Boltons
Hornwood Hornwood
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
also also
declare declare
independence independence
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
northern northern
soldiers soldier
fighting fighting
alongside alongside
Robb Robb
south south
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
claims claim
north north
sends sends
ironborn ironborn
raid raid
Stony Stony
Shore Shore
capture capture
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
Torrhens Torrhens
Square Square
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
captures capture
Winterfell Winterfell
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
assembles assembles
near near
two two
thousand thousand
men men
retake retake
castle castle
ironborn ironborn
Rodriks Rodriks
loyalists loyalist
betrayed betrayed
Ramsay Ramsay
Snow Snow
six six
hundred hundred
Boltons Boltons
Dreadfort Dreadfort
battle battle
Winterfell Winterfell
however however
northern northern
capital capital
sacked sacked
Ramsay Ramsay
Boltons Boltons
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
flees flees
Hodor Hodor
Meera Meera
Reed Reed
Jojen Jojen
Reed Reed
Winterfell Winterfell
travel travel
northern northern
mountains mountain
Gift Gift
Nightfort Nightfort
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
selfdeclared selfdeclared
King King
Isles Isles
North North
falls fall
death death
Pyke Pyke
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
King King
North North
King King
Trident Trident
intends intends
march march
north north
riverlands riverlands
expel expel
ironborn ironborn
However However
betrayed betrayed
murdered murdered
Twins Twins
bannermen bannermen
Lords Lords
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
forces force
slaughter slaughter
northmen northman
south south
return return
services service
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Roose Roose
named named
new new
Warden Warden
North North
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
sails sail
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Wall Wall
aid aid
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
defeating defeating
wildling wildling
army army
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
KingbeyondtheWall KingbeyondtheWall
battle battle
beneath beneath
Wall Wall
south south
Neck Neck
Roose Roose
attempts attempt
consolidate consolidate
control control
north north
AC AC
Lord Lord
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
completed completed
fortysix fortysix
warshipsN warshipsN
Wyman Wyman
secretly secretly
tasks task
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
bringing bringing
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
back back
Skagos Skagos
Ryswells Ryswells
Dustins Dustins
defeat defeat
ironborn ironborn
Fever Fever
River River
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
uses us
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
resolve resolve
siege siege
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
thereby thereby
allow allow
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
march march
north north
Frey Frey
allies ally
roughly roughly
twenty twenty
thousand thousand
northmen northman
marched marched
south south
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
start start
war war
one one
five five
returns return
north north
men men
House House
Bolton Bolton
Roose Roose
tenuous tenuous
grasp grasp
north north
considering considering
Ryswells Ryswells
Dustins Dustins
loyal loyal
allies ally
marriage marriage
ties tie
Cerwyns Cerwyns
Tallharts Tallharts
Umbers Umbers
Manderlys Manderlys
reluctant reluctant
supporters supporter
outright outright
plotting plotting
Roose Roose
Ramsay Ramsay
marries marries
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
actually actually
Jeyne Jeyne
Poole Poole
Winterfell Winterfell
order order
claim claim
ancient ancient
capital capital
north north
Rather Rather
attacking attacking
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
convinced convinced
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
travel travel
west west
Castle Castle
Black Black
northern northern
mountains mountain
mountain mountain
clans clan
field field
three three
half half
thousand thousand
menN menN
Stannis Stannis
liberates liberates
Deepwood Deepwood
Moote Moote
Glovers Glovers
king king
marches march
wolfswood wolfswood
take take
Winterfell Winterfell
Roose Roose
Stanniss Stanniss
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
slowed slowed
however however
strong strong
blizzards blizzard
also also
hamper hamper
Roose Roose
receiving receiving
inflammatory inflammatory
letter letter
Ramsay Ramsay
Jon Jon
asks asks
volunteers volunteer
free free
folk folk
help help
march march
south south
toward toward
Winterfell Winterfell
confront confront
Bastard Bastard
Bolton Bolton
Jon Jon
betrayed betrayed
mutiny mutiny
Castle Castle
Black Black
however however
crofters crofter
village village
Stannis Stannis
discovers discovers
Karstarks Karstarks
planned planned
betray betray
Roose Roose
House House
Amber Amber
House House
Ashwood Ashwood
House House
Blackmyre Blackmyre
House House
Blackwood Blackwood
Wolfswood Wolfswood
House House
Boggs Boggs
House House
Bole Bole
House House
Bolton Bolton
Dreadfort Dreadfort
House House
Branch Branch
House House
Burley Burley
House House
Cassel Cassel
House House
Cerwyn Cerwyn
Cerwyn Cerwyn
House House
Condon Condon
House House
Cray Cray
House House
Crowl Crowl
House House
Dustin Dustin
Barrowton Barrowton
House House
Fenn Fenn
House House
Fisher Fisher
Stony Stony
Shore Shore
House House
Flint Flint
Breakstone Breakstone
Hill Hill
House House
Flint Flint
Flints Flints
Finger Finger
House House
Flint Flint
mountains mountain
House House
Flint Flint
Widows Widows
Watch Watch
House House
Forrester Forrester
House House
Frost Frost
House House
Glover Glover
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
House House
Greengood Greengood
House House
Greenwood Greenwood
House House
Greystark Greystark
Wolfs Wolfs
Den Den
House House
Harclay Harclay
House House
Holt Holt
House House
Long Long
House House
Hornwood Hornwood
Hornwood Hornwood
House House
Ironsmith Ironsmith
House House
Karstark Karstark
Karhold Karhold
House House
Lake Lake
House House
Liddle Liddle
House House
Lightfoot Lightfoot
House House
Locke Locke
Oldcastle Oldcastle
House House
Magnar Magnar
Kingshouse Kingshouse
House House
Manderly Manderly
White White
Harbor Harbor
House House
Marsh Marsh
House House
Mollen Mollen
House House
Mormont Mormont
Bear Bear
Island Island
House House
Moss Moss
House House
Norrey Norrey
House House
Overton Overton
House House
Peat Peat
House House
Poole Poole
House House
Quagg Quagg
House House
Redbeard Redbeard
Wall Wall
House House
Reed Reed
Greywater Greywater
Watch Watch
House House
Ryder Ryder
Rills Rills
House House
Ryswell Ryswell
Rills Rills
House House
Slate Slate
Blackpool Blackpool
House House
Stane Stane
Driftwood Driftwood
Hall Hall
House House
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
House House
Stout Stout
Goldgrass Goldgrass
House House
Tallhart Tallhart
Torrhens Torrhens
Square Square
House House
Thenn Thenn
House House
Towers Towers
House House
Umber Umber
Last Last
Hearth Hearth
House House
Waterman Waterman
House House
Wells Wells
House House
Whitehill Whitehill
House House
Woodfoot Woodfoot
Bear Bear
Island Island
House House
Woods Woods
House House
Woolfield Woolfield
House House
Wull Wull
Houses Houses
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Telltale Telltale
Games Games
Series Series
include include
House House
Branfield Branfield
House House
Forrester Forrester
Ironrath Ironrath
House House
Glenmore Glenmore
Rillwater Rillwater
Crossing Crossing
House House
Tuttle Tuttle
House House
Whitehill Whitehill
Highpoint Highpoint
say say
northmen northman
savage savage
folk folk
woods wood
full full
wolvesIn wolvesIn
south south
way way
talk talk
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
man man
forgets forgets
part part
big big
six six
combinedThe combinedThe
north north
hard hard
cold cold
mercyThe mercyThe
north north
remembersThe remembersThe
north north
remembers remembers
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
north north
remembers remembers
mummers mummer
farce farce
almost almost
done done
absence absence
ten ten
years year
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
arrives arrives
back back
home home
island island
Pyke Pyke
aboard aboard
Myraham Myraham
docks dock
Lordsport Lordsport
disappointed disappointed
discover discover
father father
Lord Lord
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
send send
Theon Theon
’ ’
s s
uncle uncle
Aeron Aeron
priest priest
Drowned Drowned
God God
escort escort
Balon Balon
’ ’
s s
castle castle
Pyke Pyke
Theon Theon
greeted greeted
coldly coldly
father father
presents present
Balon Balon
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
’ ’
s s
letter letter
Balon Balon
rejects reject
proposed proposed
alliance alliance
Robb Robb
instead instead
insisting insisting
pay pay
iron iron
price price
carve carve
kingdom kingdom
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
aboard aboard
Myraham Myraham
taking taking
fathers father
castle castle
Pyke Pyke
Although Although
safe safe
anchorage anchorage
Theon Theon
insists insists
Myraham Myraham
pass pas
castle castle
watch watch
home home
rise rise
dwindled dwindled
taken taken
away away
ward ward
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
ten ten
years year
Theon Theon
unable unable
make make
banner banner
Sea Sea
Tower Tower
knows know
golden golden
kraken kraken
House House
Greyjoy Greyjoy
sky sky
beyond beyond
castle castle
red red
comet comet
still still
visible visible
Theon Theon
decides decides
comet comet
sliding sliding
hand hand
letter letter
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
considers considers
good good
crown crown
captains captain
daughter daughter
asks asks
Theon Theon
castle castle
remembers remembers
confesses confesses
looks look
smaller smaller
gives give
captain captain
permission permission
make make
port port
Lordsport Lordsport
takes take
girl girl
deck deck
satisfy satisfy
orally orally
girl girl
asks asks
come come
ashore ashore
salt salt
wife wife
Theon Theon
rebuffs rebuff
explaining explaining
days day
Old Old
Way Way
gone gone
place place
Myraham Myraham
despite despite
protests protest
father father
hit hit
slept slept
Theon Theon
harbor harbor
Lordsport Lordsport
Theon Theon
notices notice
least least
fifty fifty
sixty sixty
longships longships
including including
Houses Houses
Goodbrother Goodbrother
Wynch Wynch
Harlaw Harlaw
Theon Theon
considers considers
father father
called called
banners banner
wondering wondering
whether whether
caution caution
whether whether
Lord Lord
Balon Balon
anticipated anticipated
Theon Theon
finally finally
coming coming
home home
years year
aboard aboard
ship ship
Theon Theon
discovers discovers
honor honor
guard guard
escort escort
Pyke Pyke
make make
port port
captain captain
Myraham Myraham
announces announces
waiting waiting
merchants merchant
unimpressed unimpressed
recognize recognize
orders order
horse horse
innkeeper innkeeper
conversation conversation
interrupted interrupted
priest priest
Drowned Drowned
God God
says say
escort escort
nephew nephew
Balons Balons
castle castle
Theon Theon
recognize recognize
grim grim
bearded bearded
priest priest
remembers remembers
father father
writing writing
uncle uncle
Aeron Aeron
Greyjoy Greyjoy
gone gone
storm storm
turned turned
holy holy
neardeath neardeath
experience experience
Theon Theon
finds find
Aerons Aerons
cold cold
manners manner
totally totally
unlike unlike
amiable amiable
man man
remembers remembers
youth youth
Abruptly Abruptly
Aeron Aeron
asks asks
Theon Theon
prays prays
Stark Stark
gods god
Theon Theon
seldom seldom
prays prays
says say
Aeron Aeron
commands command
kneel kneel
mud mud
drenches drenches
head head
seawater seawater
waterskin waterskin
reconsecrating reconsecrating
Drowned Drowned
God God
Aeron Aeron
informs informs
Theon Theon
mother mother
lives life
Harlaw Harlaw
health health
sister sister
Asha Asha
taken taken
ship ship
Black Black
Wind Wind
Great Great
Wyk Wyk
messages message
father father
Theon Theon
asks asks
father father
assembled assembled
forces force
Aeron Aeron
insists insists
Balon Balon
commanded commanded
secrecy secrecy
Theon Theon
protests protest
stating stating
right right
know know
Balons Balons
heir heir
Aeron Aeron
replies reply
shall shall
see see
stating stating
although although
Balon Balon
sons son
Theon Theon
daughter daughter
Theon Theon
furiously furiously
replies reply
allow allow
cheated cheated
birthright birthright
woman woman
Aeron Aeron
comments comment
Theon Theon
fool fool
believes belief
Balon Balon
ever ever
hand hand
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Stark Stark
making making
Theon Theon
realize realize
although although
never never
truly truly
accepted accepted
Starks Starks
neither neither
truly truly
accepted accepted
family family
either either
reach reach
Pyke Pyke
sunset sunset
Aeron Aeron
departs departs
immediately immediately
Theon Theon
brought brought
chambers chamber
Helya Helya
informs informs
Balon Balon
awaits awaits
atop atop
Sea Sea
Tower Tower
Theon Theon
dresses dress
richly richly
leaving leaving
meet meet
father father
Balon Balon
smaller smaller
gaunter gaunter
greyer greyer
Theon Theon
remembers remembers
Balon Balon
asks asks
Theon Theon
Theon Theon
replies reply
man man
Balons Balons
heir heir
Balon Balon
says say
see see
Balon Balon
criticizes criticizes
Theons Theons
clothing clothing
asks asks
gold gold
chain chain
around around
neck neck
bought bought
iron iron
gold gold
Theon Theon
recalling recalling
Old Old
Way Way
stipulates stipulates
warrior warrior
may may
wear wear
jewelry jewelry
taken taken
enemies enemy
slain slain
admit admit
chain chain
bought bought
gold gold
Balon Balon
yanks yank
chain chain
Theons Theons
neck neck
declaring declaring
daughter daughter
taken taken
axe axe
lover lover
son son
dress dress
like like
whore whore
Balon Balon
accuses accuses
Theon Theon
grown grown
weak weak
due due
green green
lands land
decides decides
Starks Starks
made made
Theon Theon
calling calling
Theon Theon
Robb Robb
Starks Starks
envoy envoy
Theon Theon
claims claim
letter letter
Robb Robb
carries carry
based based
Theons Theons
counsel counsel
amuses amuses
Balon Balon
However However
Theon Theon
tells tell
Balon Balon
Robb Robb
looks look
upon upon
older older
brother brother
Balon Balon
grows grows
angry angry
Theon Theon
hands hand
father father
letter letter
fails fails
impress impress
Balon Balon
letter letter
Robb Robb
offers offer
Balon Balon
crown crown
return return
ironborn ironborn
attacking attacking
westerlands westerlands
specifically specifically
Lannisport Lannisport
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Theon Theon
tells tell
Balon Balon
proposed proposed
plan plan
asks asks
reward reward
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
seat seat
Balon Balon
scoffs scoff
notion notion
receiving receiving
handsome handsome
reward reward
notion notion
lines line
scribbling scribbling
shows show
dislike dislike
notion notion
Robb Robb
give give
crown crown
given given
taken taken
away away
Balon Balon
burns burn
letter letter
backhands backhand
Theon Theon
protests protest
Balon Balon
declares declares
pay pay
iron iron
price price
crown crown
take take
conquest conquest
Urron Urron
Redhand Redhand
five five
thousand thousand
years year
However However
Balon Balon
feels feel
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
strongly strongly
defended defended
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
cunning cunning
half half
Theon Theon
asks asks
kingdom kingdom
Balon Balon
means mean
carve carve
instead instead
realizes realizes
already already
knows know
answer answer
Appearing Appearing
Mentioned Mentioned
Places Places
Houses Houses
Ships Ships
Terms Terms
Nicknames Nicknames
titles title
Urron Urron
Greyiron Greyiron
known known
Urron Urron
Redhand Redhand
Urron Urron
Orkmont Orkmont
member member
House House
Greyiron Greyiron
first first
King King
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
make make
throne throne
hereditary hereditary
five five
thousand thousand
years year
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
Urron Urron
salt salt
king king
Orkmont Orkmont
rule rule
greatuncle greatuncle
Urragon Urragon
IV IV
Greyiron Greyiron
assumed assumed
title title
High High
King King
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
without without
chosen chosen
kingsmoot kingsmoot
dying dying
Urragons Urragons
wish wish
Urron Urron
succeed succeed
priests priest
Drowned Drowned
God God
determined determined
lose lose
power power
kingmaking kingmaking
third third
time time
Urragons Urragons
assumption assumption
throne throne
Torgon Torgon
Greyirons Greyirons
usurpation usurpation
Urrathon Urrathon
IV IV
Goodbrother Goodbrother
Urron Urron
put put
end end
institution institution
kingsmoot kingsmoot
descended descended
axemen axemen
Naggas Naggas
Hill Hill
Old Old
Wyk Wyk
slaying slaying
captains captain
thirteen thirteen
salt salt
rock rock
kings king
half half
hundred hundred
priests priest
prophets prophet
assembled assembled
choosing choosing
Urron Urron
made made
high high
kingship kingship
hereditary hereditary
Calling Calling
simply simply
King King
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Urron Urron
crown crown
made made
black black
iron iron
instead instead
traditional traditional
driftwood driftwood
Urrons Urrons
reign reign
twentytwo twentytwo
years year
rulers ruler
various various
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
reduced reduced
lords lord
several several
ancient ancient
lines line
refused refused
bend bend
knee knee
extinguished extinguished
Along Along
kingsmoot kingsmoot
Galon Galon
Whitestaffs Whitestaffs
decree decree
ironborn ironborn
making making
war war
upon upon
ended ended
Urron Urron
Redhand Redhand
descendants descendant
deal deal
half half
dozen dozen
major major
rebellions rebellion
least least
two two
major major
thrall thrall
uprisings uprising
House House
Greyiron Greyiron
said said
ruled ruled
islands island
thousand thousand
years year
coming coming
Andals Andals
Lord Lord
Baelor Baelor
Blacktyde Blacktyde
believes belief
Euron Euron
Greyjoy Greyjoy
descend descend
gathered gathered
kingsmoot kingsmoot
kill kill
Urron Urron
Greyiron Greyiron
done done
Lord Lord
Rodrik Rodrik
Harlaw Harlaw
similarly similarly
believes belief
Euron Euron
sounds sound
much much
like like
Urron Urron
history history
bound bound
repeat repeat
Drowned Drowned
God God
makes make
men men
men men
make make
crowns crown
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Reaper Reaper
Pyke Pyke
King King
Salt Salt
Rock Rock
Son Son
Sea Sea
Wind Wind
man man
gives give
crown crown
pay pay
iron iron
price price
take take
crown crown
Urron Urron
Redhand Redhand
five five
thousand thousand
years year
ago ago
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Untold Untold
History History
Westeros Westeros
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
companion companion
volume volume
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
provisionally provisionally
known known
world world
book book
book book
written written
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
collaboration collaboration
Elio Elio
Garcia Garcia
Linda Linda
Antonsson Antonsson
United United
States States
book book
published published
Bantam Bantam
United United
Kingdom Kingdom
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
released released
October October
th th
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
announced announced
website website
signed signed
contract contract
Bantam Bantam
Books Books
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
September September
write write
book book
Martin Martin
enlisted enlisted
aid aid
Elio Elio
García García
Linda Linda
Antonsson Antonsson
founders founder
Westerosorg Westerosorg
largest largest
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
community community
online online
concordance concordance
information information
series series
internet internet
time time
Martin Martin
envisioned envisioned
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
done done
couple couple
years year
However However
project project
took took
much much
longer longer
complete complete
grew grew
larger larger
initially initially
intended intended
September September
Martin Martin
mentioned mentioned
blog blog
writing writing
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
revealed revealed
hundred hundred
three three
manuscript manuscript
pages page
finished finished
release release
eventually eventually
set set
late late
February February
year year
book book
became became
available available
preorder preorder
Amazoncom Amazoncom
However However
May May
García García
confirmed confirmed
book book
pushed pushed
back back
full full
year year
March March
books book
final final
title title
decided decided
upon upon
final final
piece piece
text text
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
completed completed
book book
released released
October October
th th
Martin Martin
wrote wrote
lot lot
text text
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
first first
intended intended
delivering delivering
words word
sidebars sidebar
book book
volume volume
words word
text text
Using Using
abridged abridged
versions version
texts text
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
longer longer
unabridged unabridged
version version
set set
released released
history history
book book
called called
Fire Fire
Blood Blood
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
divided divided
several several
parts part
book book
contains contains
artwork artwork
twentyseven twentyseven
different different
artists artist
art art
book book
family family
trees tree
displayed displayed
appendix appendix
completely completely
outofuniverse outofuniverse
sample sample
chapters chapter
released released
months month
prior prior
release release
book book
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
released released
Fact Fact
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
days day
leading leading
release release
book book
Twitter Twitter
account account
English English
language language
versions version
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
available available
two two
versions version
red red
cover cover
displayed displayed
top top
page page
black black
cover cover
former former
version version
book book
published published
Bantam Bantam
latter latter
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
typos typo
mistakes mistake
first first
editions edition
book book
Among Among
Alysanne Alysanne
Blackwood Blackwood
aunt aunt
Benjicot Benjicot
Blackwood Blackwood
sister sister
well well
mistakes mistake
genealogy genealogy
trees tree
Garcia Garcia
stated stated
corrected corrected
future future
editions edition
conceit conceit
book book
inuniverse inuniverse
history history
text text
written written
Maester Maester
Yandel Yandel
originally originally
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
However However
Yandel Yandel
lived lived
deaths death
Robert Robert
Joffrey Joffrey
edition edition
published published
version version
produced produced
Yandel Yandel
time time
fifth fifth
novel novel
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
result result
Garcia Garcia
explained explained
fear fear
angering angering
Lannisters Lannisters
Yandel Yandel
cut cut
original original
draft draft
bare bare
minimum minimum
material material
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
several several
figures figure
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
Vale Vale
one one
constituent constituent
regions region
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Westeros Westeros
formerly formerly
sovereign sovereign
nation nation
ruled ruled
Kings Kings
Mountain Mountain
Vale Vale
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
surround surround
smaller smaller
Vale Vale
proper proper
although although
valleys valley
name name
often often
applied applied
House House
Arryns Arryns
realm realm
Vale Vale
ruled ruled
Arryns Arryns
castle castle
known known
Eyrie Eyrie
Notable Notable
houses house
region region
include include
Baelish Baelish
Belmore Belmore
Corbray Corbray
Egen Egen
Grafton Grafton
Hersy Hersy
Hunter Hunter
Melcolm Melcolm
Redfort Redfort
Royce Royce
Templeton Templeton
Waynwood Waynwood
Bastards Bastards
noble noble
origin origin
raised raised
Vale Vale
given given
surname surname
Stone Stone
borders border
Vale Vale
held held
Bite Bite
north north
Bay Bay
Crabs Crabs
south south
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
riverlands riverlands
west west
narrow narrow
sea sea
east east
Vale Vale
consists consists
various various
regions region
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
snakewood snakewood
Fingers Fingers
islands island
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
Paps Paps
Pebble Pebble
Vale Vale
located located
eastern eastern
shore shore
Westeros Westeros
land land
fertile fertile
soil soil
rivers river
lakes lake
protected protected
largely largely
impassable impassable
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
Vale Vale
tends tends
slightly slightly
isolated isolated
rest rest
Westeros Westeros
harsh harsh
winters winter
make make
travel travel
possible possible
mountains mountain
warmer warmer
years year
rebellious rebellious
mountain mountain
clans clan
make make
travel travel
even even
dangerous dangerous
Vale Vale
reached reached
high high
road road
connects connects
Vale Vale
riverlands riverlands
protected protected
Bloody Bloody
Gate Gate
mountainous mountainous
border border
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
proper proper
appears appears
include include
Bloody Bloody
Gate Gate
west west
Eyrie Eyrie
Longbow Longbow
Hall Hall
north north
fertile fertile
lands land
within within
valley valley
include include
Ironoaks Ironoaks
Old Old
Anchor Anchor
Redfort Redfort
peninsula peninsula
containing containing
city city
Gulltown Gulltown
Runestone Runestone
town town
Wickenden Wickenden
located located
along along
Bay Bay
Crabs Crabs
mountains mountain
south south
valley valley
Castles Castles
north north
Vale Vale
proper proper
valleys valley
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
snakewood snakewood
forest forest
include include
Coldwater Coldwater
Hearts Hearts
Home Home
Snakewood Snakewood
Strongsong Strongsong
Valemen Valemen
people people
Vale Vale
known known
reliable reliable
warriors warrior
steeped steeped
honor honor
worship worship
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
knights knight
Vale Vale
consider consider
finest finest
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Valemen Valemen
consider consider
Eyrie Eyrie
beautiful beautiful
castle castle
realm realm
island island
people people
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
known known
Sistermen Sistermen
people people
living living
foothills foothill
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
rejected rejected
authority authority
Eyrie Eyrie
live live
rules rule
mountain mountain
clans clan
Black Black
Ears Ears
Burned Burned
Men Men
descendants descendant
First First
Men Men
raid raid
unwary unwary
travelers traveler
skirmish skirmish
knights knight
Vale Vale
Wheat Wheat
corn corn
barley barley
grown grown
Vale Vale
even even
Highgarden Highgarden
pumpkins pumpkin
grow grow
larger larger
fruit fruit
sweeter sweeter
House House
Waxley Waxley
known known
producing producing
scented scented
candles candle
Wickenden Wickenden
candles candle
scented scented
nutmeg nutmeg
costly costly
spices spice
least least
one one
rock rock
quarry quarry
Vale Vale
produces produce
“ “
white white
stone stone
” ”
suitable suitable
use use
castle castle
walls wall
According According
semicanon semicanon
sources source
Vale Vale
raise raise
perhaps perhaps
many many
fortyfive fortyfive
thousand thousand
men men
strength strength
comparable comparable
North North
Dorne Dorne
according according
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
houses house
Royce Royce
Runestone Runestone
Waynwood Waynwood
Hunter Hunter
Redfort Redfort
Belmore Belmore
Templeton Templeton
together together
able able
raise raise
twenty twenty
thousand thousand
men men
House House
Royce Royce
Gates Gates
Moon Moon
field field
three three
hundred hundred
said said
Kings Kings
Mountain Mountain
Vale Vale
neglect neglect
fleets fleet
still still
reigned reigned
might might
counted counted
hundreds hundred
ships ship
Gulltown Gulltown
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
Vale Vale
thinly thinly
populated populated
ruled ruled
score score
petty petty
First First
Men Men
kings king
Winged Winged
Knight Knight
among among
legendary legendary
heroes hero
Valemen Valemen
thousands thousand
years year
ago ago
Vale Vale
Andals Andals
landed landed
began began
invasion invasion
Westeros Westeros
Rather Rather
unite unite
newcomers newcomer
many many
First First
Men Men
rulers ruler
sought sought
alliances alliance
Andals Andals
often often
disastrous disastrous
results result
House House
Arryn Arryn
claimed claimed
Vale Vale
defeating defeating
First First
Men Men
Battle Battle
Seven Seven
Stars Stars
Arryns Arryns
one one
oldest oldest
lines line
Andal Andal
nobility nobility
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Arryns Arryns
ruled ruled
Kings Kings
Mountain Mountain
Vale Vale
approximately approximately
six six
thousand thousand
years year
First First
Men Men
accept accept
Andal Andal
rule rule
fled fled
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
becoming becoming
mountain mountain
clans clan
Following Following
Rape Rape
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
two two
thousand thousand
years year
ago ago
Vale Vale
warred warred
north north
thousand thousand
years year
Wolfs Wolfs
Den Den
besieged besieged
Osgood Osgood
Arryn Arryn
burned burned
Talon Talon
War War
Across Across
Water Water
two two
kingdoms kingdom
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
swore swore
fealty fealty
Arryns Arryns
although although
loyalty loyalty
remains remains
tenuous tenuous
Bloody Bloody
Gate Gate
withstood withstood
three three
attempts attempt
Halleck Halleck
Hoare Hoare
King King
Isles Isles
Rivers Rivers
conquer conquer
Vale Vale
Arryns Arryns
bent bent
knee knee
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
House House
Targaryens Targaryens
Wars Wars
Conquest Conquest
bringing bringing
Vale Vale
control control
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Jacaerys Jacaerys
Velaryon Velaryon
gained gained
Vale Vale
cause cause
blacks black
AC AC
war war
succession succession
arose arose
Vale Vale
death death
Lady Lady
Jeyne Jeyne
Arryn Arryn
chosen chosen
heir heir
Ser Ser
Joffrey Joffrey
Arryn Arryn
closer closer
cousin cousin
Ser Ser
Arnold Arnold
Arryn Arryn
head head
House House
Arryn Arryn
Gulltown Gulltown
Isembard Isembard
Arryn Arryn
Crown Crown
ruling ruling
Jeynes Jeynes
testament testament
upheld upheld
sending sending
force force
maintain maintain
Kings Kings
Peace Peace
Arryns Arryns
remained remained
loyal loyal
Targaryens Targaryens
First First
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
although although
battles battle
Vale Vale
civil civil
war war
Arryns Arryns
blocked blocked
access access
Vale Vale
Great Great
Spring Spring
Sickness Sickness
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
began began
Vale Vale
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Defender Defender
Vale Vale
refused refused
surrender surrender
wards ward
Lords Lords
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Robert Robert
aided aided
Jon Jon
defeating defeating
royalist royalist
bannermen bannermen
Gulltown Gulltown
allowing allowing
Robert Robert
sail sail
home home
stormlands stormlands
Meanwhile Meanwhile
Eddard Eddard
crossed crossed
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
Fingers Fingers
sailed sailed
Bite Bite
returned returned
home home
north north
Lord Lord
Arryn Arryn
went went
help help
Robert Robert
secure secure
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
named named
Hand Hand
war war
Jons Jons
absence absence
Nestor Nestor
Royce Royce
governed governed
High High
Steward Steward
Vale Vale
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryns Arryns
sudden sudden
death death
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
widow widow
Lysa Lysa
flees flees
son son
Lord Lord
Robert Robert
Arryn Arryn
Eyrie Eyrie
sister sister
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
abducts abducts
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
crossroads crossroad
inn inn
brings brings
captive captive
Lysa Lysa
Vale Vale
instead instead
Winterfell Winterfell
leads lead
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
begin begin
warfare warfare
sisters sister
homeland homeland
riverlands riverlands
Tyrion Tyrion
recruits recruit
Vale Vale
mountain mountain
clansmen clansman
taking taking
high high
road road
riverlands riverlands
promising promising
weapons weapon
armor armor
threaten threaten
Vale Vale
Lysa Lysa
refuses refuse
lend lend
Vales Vales
strength strength
side side
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
reports report
small small
council council
mountain mountain
clansmen clansman
raiding raiding
Mountains Mountains
Moon Moon
greater greater
numbers number
better better
weaponry weaponry
normal normal
death death
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
helps help
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
escape escape
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
brings brings
Vale Vale
Lysa Lysa
marries marries
Petyr Petyr
tower tower
Fingers Fingers
Sansa Sansa
using using
name name
Alayne Alayne
Stone Stone
accompanies accompanies
Petyr Petyr
aunt aunt
Lady Lady
Lysa Lysa
Eyrie Eyrie
via via
Coldwater Coldwater
Burn Burn
Snakewood Snakewood
Hearts Hearts
Home Home
Longbow Longbow
Hall Hall
Old Old
Anchor Anchor
Ironoaks Ironoaks
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
attempts attempt
bring bring
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Sansas Sansas
sister sister
riverlands riverlands
Eyrie Eyrie
ransomed ransomed
Lysa Lysa
turn turn
back back
village village
elder elder
mountain mountain
foothills foothill
warns warns
inclement inclement
weather weather
shadowcats shadowcats
mountain mountain
clans clan
Lysa Lysa
threatens threatens
Sansa Sansa
reveals reveals
Petyr Petyr
poisoned poisoned
first first
husband husband
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Petyr Petyr
pushes push
Lysa Lysa
Eyries Eyries
Moon Moon
Door Door
high high
road road
Vale Vale
closed closed
snow snow
Petyr Petyr
rules rule
Lord Lord
Protector Protector
Vale Vale
guardian guardian
orphaned orphaned
Lord Lord
Robert Robert
consternation consternation
Lords Lords
Declarant Declarant
Lord Lord
Yohn Yohn
Royce Royce
leads lead
Lords Lords
Declarant Declarant
surrounding surrounding
Gates Gates
Moon Moon
Petyr Petyr
manipulates manipulates
peace peace
parley parley
Eyrie Eyrie
onset onset
winter winter
Roberts Roberts
court court
descends descends
Eyrie Eyrie
Gates Gates
Moon Moon
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
washes wash
Sweetsister Sweetsister
Lord Lord
Godric Godric
Borrell Borrell
allows allows
Davos Davos
continue continue
White White
Harbor Harbor
instead instead
turning turning
Lord Lord
Triston Triston
Sunderland Sunderland
Nobles Nobles
knights knight
Vale Vale
travel travel
Gates Gates
Moon Moon
attend attend
tourney tourney
Brotherhood Brotherhood
Winged Winged
Knights Knights
House House
Arryn Arryn
Eyrie Eyrie
House House
Arryn Arryn
Gulltown Gulltown
House House
Baelish Baelish
Fingers Fingers
House House
Belmore Belmore
Strongsong Strongsong
House House
Borrell Borrell
Sweetsister Sweetsister
House House
Crayne Crayne
House House
Coldwater Coldwater
Coldwater Coldwater
Burn Burn
House House
Corbray Corbray
Hearts Hearts
Home Home
House House
Donniger Donniger
House House
Dutton Dutton
House House
Egen Egen
House House
Elesham Elesham
Paps Paps
House House
Grafton Grafton
Gulltown Gulltown
House House
Hardyng Hardyng
House House
Hersy Hersy
Newkeep Newkeep
House House
Hunter Hunter
Longbow Longbow
Hall Hall
House House
Lipps Lipps
House House
Longthorpe Longthorpe
Longsister Longsister
House House
Lynderly Lynderly
Snakewood Snakewood
House House
Melcolm Melcolm
Old Old
Anchor Anchor
House House
Moore Moore
House House
Pryor Pryor
Pebble Pebble
House House
Redfort Redfort
Redfort Redfort
House House
Royce Royce
Runestone Runestone
House House
Royce Royce
Gates Gates
Moon Moon
House House
Ruthermont Ruthermont
House House
Shett Shett
Gulltown Gulltown
House House
Shett Shett
Gull Gull
Tower Tower
House House
Sunderland Sunderland
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
House House
Templeton Templeton
Ninestars Ninestars
House House
Tollett Tollett
Grey Grey
Glen Glen
House House
Torrent Torrent
Littlesister Littlesister
House House
Upcliff Upcliff
Witch Witch
Isle Isle
House House
Waxley Waxley
Wickenden Wickenden
House House
Waynwood Waynwood
Ironoaks Ironoaks
House House
Woodhull Woodhull
House House
Wydman Wydman
Black Black
Ears Ears
Burned Burned
Men Men
Howlers Howlers
Milk Milk
Snakes Snakes
Moon Moon
Brothers Brothers
Painted Painted
Dogs Dogs
Redsmiths Redsmiths
Sons Sons
Mist Mist
Sons Sons
Tree Tree
Stone Stone
Crows Crows
stretched stretched
misty misty
east east
tranquil tranquil
land land
rich rich
black black
soil soil
wide wide
slowmoving slowmoving
rivers river
hundreds hundred
small small
lakes lake
shone shone
like like
mirrors mirror
sun sun
protected protected
sides side
sheltering sheltering
peaksGunthor peaksGunthor
mothers mother
go go
hungry hungry
steel steel
fills fill
mouths mouth
gold gold
would would
give give
us u
lives life
Tyrion Tyrion
son son
Tywin Tywin
Swords Swords
Lances Lances
Mail Mail
Tyrion Tyrion
Gunthor Gunthor
son son
Gurn Gurn
give give
Vale Vale
ArrynMy ArrynMy
lords lord
leave leave
propose propose
travel travel
Vale Vale
woo woo
win win
Lady Lady
Lysa Lysa
Arryn Arryn
consort consort
shall shall
deliver deliver
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
without without
drop drop
blood blood
spilledThe spilledThe
lords lord
Vale Vale
numerous numerous
large large
group group
views view
vary vary
King King
Isles Isles
Rivers Rivers
title title
used used
House House
Hoare Hoare
realm realm
included included
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
riverlands riverlands
Harwyn Harwyn
Hoare Hoare
King King
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
conquered conquered
Trident Trident
Storm Storm
King King
Arrec Arrec
Durrandon Durrandon
Harwyn Harwyn
successors successor
Halleck Halleck
Hoare Hoare
Harren Harren
Hoare Hoare
spent spent
reigns reign
riverlands riverlands
fighting fighting
neighboring neighboring
kingdoms kingdom
rather rather
ruling ruling
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
said said
Harwyn Harwyn
palace palace
tent tent
throne throne
saddle saddle
Halleck Halleck
ruled ruled
tower tower
house house
Fairmarket Fairmarket
Harren Harren
Black Black
constructed constructed
massive massive
castle castle
Harrenhal Harrenhal
along along
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
Hoare Hoare
line line
extinguished extinguished
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
War War
Conquest Conquest
ending ending
usage usage
title title
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
passed passed
House House
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Pyke Pyke
riverlands riverlands
passed passed
House House
Tully Tully
Riverrun Riverrun
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Untold Untold
History History
Westeros Westeros
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
companion companion
volume volume
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
provisionally provisionally
known known
world world
book book
book book
written written
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
collaboration collaboration
Elio Elio
Garcia Garcia
Linda Linda
Antonsson Antonsson
United United
States States
book book
published published
Bantam Bantam
United United
Kingdom Kingdom
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
released released
October October
th th
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
announced announced
website website
signed signed
contract contract
Bantam Bantam
Books Books
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
September September
write write
book book
Martin Martin
enlisted enlisted
aid aid
Elio Elio
García García
Linda Linda
Antonsson Antonsson
founders founder
Westerosorg Westerosorg
largest largest
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
community community
online online
concordance concordance
information information
series series
internet internet
time time
Martin Martin
envisioned envisioned
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
done done
couple couple
years year
However However
project project
took took
much much
longer longer
complete complete
grew grew
larger larger
initially initially
intended intended
September September
Martin Martin
mentioned mentioned
blog blog
writing writing
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
revealed revealed
hundred hundred
three three
manuscript manuscript
pages page
finished finished
release release
eventually eventually
set set
late late
February February
year year
book book
became became
available available
preorder preorder
Amazoncom Amazoncom
However However
May May
García García
confirmed confirmed
book book
pushed pushed
back back
full full
year year
March March
books book
final final
title title
decided decided
upon upon
final final
piece piece
text text
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
completed completed
book book
released released
October October
th th
Martin Martin
wrote wrote
lot lot
text text
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
first first
intended intended
delivering delivering
words word
sidebars sidebar
book book
volume volume
words word
text text
Using Using
abridged abridged
versions version
texts text
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
longer longer
unabridged unabridged
version version
set set
released released
history history
book book
called called
Fire Fire
Blood Blood
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
divided divided
several several
parts part
book book
contains contains
artwork artwork
twentyseven twentyseven
different different
artists artist
art art
book book
family family
trees tree
displayed displayed
appendix appendix
completely completely
outofuniverse outofuniverse
sample sample
chapters chapter
released released
months month
prior prior
release release
book book
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
released released
Fact Fact
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
days day
leading leading
release release
book book
Twitter Twitter
account account
English English
language language
versions version
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
available available
two two
versions version
red red
cover cover
displayed displayed
top top
page page
black black
cover cover
former former
version version
book book
published published
Bantam Bantam
latter latter
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
typos typo
mistakes mistake
first first
editions edition
book book
Among Among
Alysanne Alysanne
Blackwood Blackwood
aunt aunt
Benjicot Benjicot
Blackwood Blackwood
sister sister
well well
mistakes mistake
genealogy genealogy
trees tree
Garcia Garcia
stated stated
corrected corrected
future future
editions edition
conceit conceit
book book
inuniverse inuniverse
history history
text text
written written
Maester Maester
Yandel Yandel
originally originally
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
However However
Yandel Yandel
lived lived
deaths death
Robert Robert
Joffrey Joffrey
edition edition
published published
version version
produced produced
Yandel Yandel
time time
fifth fifth
novel novel
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
result result
Garcia Garcia
explained explained
fear fear
angering angering
Lannisters Lannisters
Yandel Yandel
cut cut
original original
draft draft
bare bare
minimum minimum
material material
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
several several
figures figure
Prince Prince
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
known known
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
youngest youngest
child child
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
member member
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
siblings sibling
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
played played
Callum Callum
Wharry Wharry
seasons season
DeanCharles DeanCharles
Chapman Chapman
seasons season
Tommen Tommen
plump plump
long long
whiteblond whiteblond
hair hair
golden golden
curls curl
emerald emerald
green green
eyes eye
beginning beginning
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
seven seven
years year
old old
Tommen Tommen
unlike unlike
Joffrey Joffrey
regarded regarded
goodhearted goodhearted
lad lad
always always
tries try
best best
Tommen Tommen
tenderhearted tenderhearted
strongwilled strongwilled
brother brother
Many Many
characters character
except except
mother mother
believe believe
would would
much much
better better
king king
Joffrey Joffrey
Tommen Tommen
fond fond
applecakes applecakes
enjoys enjoys
reading reading
clumsy clumsy
earnest earnest
dancer dancer
afraid afraid
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
Tommen Tommen
adopted adopted
fawn fawn
pet pet
elder elder
brother brother
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
later later
killed killed
skinned skinned
animal animal
also also
implied implied
Joffrey Joffrey
bullies bully
abuses abuse
Tommen Tommen
physically physically
emotionally emotionally
Following Following
tourney tourney
Prince Prince
Joffreys Joffreys
name name
day day
Tommen Tommen
siblings sibling
traveled traveled
Cersei Cersei
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
grandfather grandfather
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Tommen Tommen
part part
entourage entourage
father father
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
journeys journey
Winterfell Winterfell
following following
death death
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Winterfell Winterfell
Tommen Tommen
spars spar
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
using using
wooden wooden
swords sword
Tommen Tommen
Myrcella Myrcella
recognize recognize
dirty dirty
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
chases chase
cats cat
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Arya Arya
bowls bowl
Tommen Tommen
escapes escape
House House
Lannister Lannister
guards guard
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
new new
Hand Hand
King King
discovers discovers
Tommen Tommen
siblings sibling
biological biological
children child
Robert Robert
actually actually
fathered fathered
Cerseis Cerseis
twin twin
brother brother
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Robert Robert
dying dying
gored gored
boar boar
Lord Lord
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
suggests suggests
Tommen Tommen
Myrcella Myrcella
seized seized
Arya Arya
wed wed
Tommen Tommen
Eddard Eddard
refuses refuse
however however
Tommens Tommens
older older
brother brother
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
becomes becomes
king king
Robert Robert
dies dy
Tommen Tommen
present present
Eddard Eddard
arrested arrested
throne throne
room room
Tommen Tommen
attends attends
tourney tourney
King King
Joffreys Joffreys
name name
day day
Joffrey Joffrey
laughs laugh
Tommen Tommen
youth youth
struck struck
quintain quintain
Announcing Announcing
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
declares declares
nephew nephew
Joffrey Joffrey
siblings sibling
abominations abomination
born born
incest incest
Tommen Tommen
cries cry
Myrcella Myrcella
sails sail
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Dorne Dorne
riot riot
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
breaks break
Myrcella Myrcella
leaves leaf
harbor harbor
rioting rioting
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
making making
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
increasingly increasingly
unsafe unsafe
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
plots plot
sneak sneak
Tommen Tommen
city city
Rosby Rosby
protection protection
Lord Lord
Gyles Gyles
Rosby Rosby
disguised disguised
page page
However However
Tommens Tommens
uncle uncle
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
acting acting
Hand Hand
King King
learns learns
plot plot
sends sends
Ser Ser
Jacelyn Jacelyn
Bywater Bywater
intercept intercept
party party
Rosby Rosby
road road
take take
Tommen Tommen
Rosby Rosby
thereby thereby
Tyrions Tyrions
control control
Cerseis Cerseis
Tommen Tommen
adopts adopts
fawn fawn
Rosby Rosby
Jacelyn Jacelyn
tasks task
men men
evacuating evacuating
boy boy
unknown unknown
location location
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
falls fall
war war
Tyrion Tyrion
threatens threatens
Cersei Cersei
harm harm
inflicted inflicted
Alayaya Alayaya
prostitute prostitute
believed believed
Tyrions Tyrions
lover lover
arrested arrested
queens queen
orders order
visited visited
upon upon
Tommen Tommen
well well
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
allowed allowed
Jacelyn Jacelyn
take take
Tommen Tommen
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
stripped stripped
white white
cloak cloak
Cersei Cersei
Jacelyn Jacelyn
Bywater Bywater
killed killed
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Cersei Cersei
Tommen Tommen
brought brought
back back
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Kettleblack Kettleblack
brothers brother
Acting Acting
accord accord
Hand Hand
Stannis Stannis
Lord Lord
Alester Alester
Florent Florent
attempts attempt
settle settle
peace peace
agreement agreement
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Tommens Tommens
grandfather grandfather
involves involves
promise promise
marriage marriage
Tommen Tommen
Stanniss Stanniss
daughter daughter
Princess Princess
Shireen Shireen
plans plan
come come
pass pas
wedding wedding
feast feast
Tyrion Tyrion
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Tommen Tommen
taller taller
uncle uncle
dances dance
Megga Megga
Tyrell Tyrell
Sansa Sansa
Tommen Tommen
participates participates
wedding wedding
Joffrey Joffrey
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
handing handing
brides bride
cloak cloak
brother brother
boy boy
scatters scatter
rose rose
petals petal
king king
queen queen
ceremony ceremony
Tommen Tommen
screams scream
cries cry
Joffrey Joffrey
chokes choke
death death
wedding wedding
feast feast
Tommen Tommen
crowned crowned
king king
aftermath aftermath
Joffreys Joffreys
death death
plans plan
made made
wed wed
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
Joffreys Joffreys
stead stead
wanting wanting
Cersei Cersei
raise raise
Tommen Tommen
Tywin Tywin
wants want
Jaime Jaime
abdicate abdicate
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
educate educate
boy boy
ward ward
squire squire
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
However However
Jaime Jaime
refuses refuse
Jaime Jaime
orders order
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
serve serve
boy boy
kings king
food food
taster taster
Prince Prince
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
reminds reminds
Tyrion Tyrion
imprisoned imprisoned
Joffreys Joffreys
death death
according according
Dornish Dornish
law law
Myrcella Myrcella
succeed succeed
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
rather rather
younger younger
brother brother
Tommen Tommen
Tyrions Tyrions
trial trial
Shae Shae
alleges alleges
Tyrion Tyrion
killed killed
Joffrey Joffrey
planned planned
eventually eventually
kill kill
Tommen Tommen
Tommens Tommens
greatuncle greatuncle
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
provides provides
boy boy
king king
documents document
sign sign
including including
pardons pardon
grants grant
bills bill
attainder attainder
Tyrion Tyrion
kills kill
father father
Tywin Tywin
Tommens Tommens
Hand Hand
Jaime Jaime
helps help
escape escape
imprisonment imprisonment
Tommen Tommen
continues continues
usage usage
split split
black black
stag stag
golden golden
lion lion
royal royal
banner banner
introduced introduced
Joffrey Joffrey
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
new new
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
discuss discus
letter letter
prepared prepared
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
asks asks
assistance assistance
King King
Tommen Tommen
Jon Jon
recalls recall
Tommen Tommen
sparred sparred
halfbrother halfbrother
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
dead dead
Tommen Tommen
king king
Jon Jon
reluctantly reluctantly
agrees agrees
message message
sent sent
raven raven
Cersei Cersei
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
death death
father father
Tywin Tywin
Tommen Tommen
acts act
king king
primary primary
favorite favorite
activity activity
place place
royal royal
stamp stamp
document document
put put
front front
Cersei Cersei
frowns frown
upon upon
meek meek
tractable tractable
nature nature
frequently frequently
comparing comparing
disfavor disfavor
willful willful
headstrong headstrong
brother brother
Joffrey Joffrey
Tommen Tommen
frightened frightened
dying dying
Ser Ser
Gregor Gregor
Cleganes Cleganes
screams scream
flees flees
disgust disgust
Tywins Tywins
corpse corpse
Kevan Kevan
refuses refuse
serve serve
Hand Hand
Tommen Tommen
leaves leaf
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
since since
niece niece
yield yield
Tommens Tommens
regency regency
Ser Ser
Harys Harys
Swyft Swyft
instead instead
becomes becomes
Kings Kings
Hand Hand
Lord Lord
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
insists insists
Tommen Tommen
wed wed
daughter daughter
Margaery Margaery
agreeing agreeing
march march
Storms Storms
End End
Cersei Cersei
trust trust
House House
Tyrell Tyrell
however however
wed wed
Tommen Tommen
covers cover
Margaery Margaery
black black
Baratheon Baratheon
cloak cloak
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
used used
married married
Cersei Cersei
Tommen Tommen
dances dance
Margaery Margaery
cousins cousin
Alla Alla
Elinor Elinor
Megga Megga
feast feast
Tommen Tommen
fascinated fascinated
frightened frightened
Cersei Cersei
burns burn
Tower Tower
Hand Hand
wildfire wildfire
wedding wedding
Dorne Dorne
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
plots plot
crown crown
Tommens Tommens
sister sister
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
opposition opposition
boy boy
king king
plan plan
foiled foiled
father father
Prince Prince
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
however however
Wanting Wanting
Tommen Tommen
younger younger
advisors advisor
Cersei Cersei
appoints appoints
Aurane Aurane
Waters Waters
master master
ships ship
small small
council council
small small
council council
receives receives
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Jon Jon
Snows Snows
request request
aid aid
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Cersei Cersei
agrees agrees
send send
reinforcements reinforcement
Tommens Tommens
name name
tasked tasked
assassinating assassinating
Jon Jon
Margaery Margaery
begins begin
influence influence
Tommen Tommen
resist resist
mothers mother
commands command
Margaery Margaery
gives give
Tommen Tommen
three three
black black
kittens kitten
Ser Ser
Pounce Pounce
Lady Lady
Whiskers Whiskers
Boots Boots
Tommen Tommen
also also
takes take
interest interest
knighthood knighthood
jousting jousting
reacts reacts
anger anger
Cersei Cersei
refuses refuse
honor honor
command command
Ser Ser
Loras Loras
Tyrell Tyrell
Kingsguard Kingsguard
named named
Red Red
Keeps Keeps
masteratarms masteratarms
Cersei Cersei
assigns assigns
Ser Ser
Osney Osney
Kettleblack Kettleblack
Tommens Tommens
sworn sworn
shield shield
queen queen
regent regent
also also
tasks task
seducing seducing
Margaery Margaery
return return
Cersei Cersei
allowing allowing
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
reform reform
new new
High High
Septon Septon
High High
Sparrow Sparrow
forgives forgives
crowns crown
debts debt
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
blesses blesses
King King
Tommen Tommen
king king
gives give
Loras Loras
jeweled jeweled
sword sword
knight knight
departs departs
siege siege
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Tommen Tommen
stands stand
mother mother
shows show
assertiveness assertiveness
Cersei Cersei
threatens threatens
Margaery Margaery
Cerseis Cerseis
response response
Boros Boros
force force
Tommen Tommen
beat beat
whipping whipping
boy boy
Pate Pate
bleeds bleeds
order order
claim claim
inheritance inheritance
Gyles Gyles
Rosby Rosby
Cersei Cersei
claims claim
late late
lord lord
wanted wanted
land land
wealth wealth
go go
Tommen Tommen
Cersei Cersei
engineers engineer
Margaerys Margaerys
arrest arrest
Faith Faith
allegedly allegedly
sleeping sleeping
number number
men men
Following Following
Cerseis Cerseis
arrest arrest
treason treason
adultery adultery
Tommen Tommen
continues continues
bidding bidding
small small
council council
controlled controlled
Ser Ser
Harys Harys
Swyft Swyft
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelle Pycelle
lonely lonely
Tommen Tommen
asks asks
wife wife
mother mother
signs sign
decree decree
placed placed
Jaime Jaime
informs informs
Freys Freys
siege siege
Riverrun Riverrun
King King
Tommen Tommen
requires requires
captives captive
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Prince Prince
Doran Doran
Martells Martells
seneschal seneschal
Ricasso Ricasso
toasts toast
Tommens Tommens
name name
feast feast
welcoming welcoming
Ser Ser
Balon Balon
Swann Swann
Sunspear Sunspear
many many
Dornishmen Dornishmen
refuse refuse
drink drink
boy boy
kings king
honor honor
Balon Balon
brings brings
word word
Cersei Cersei
would would
like like
Myrcella Myrcella
briefly briefly
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Tommen Tommen
could could
befriend befriend
Prince Prince
Trystane Trystane
Martell Martell
Later Later
Ellaria Ellaria
Sand Sand
objects object
Sand Sand
Snakes Snakes
desire desire
vengeance vengeance
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
descendants descendant
includes includes
wish wish
murder murder
Tommen Tommen
Since Since
Cersei Cersei
refused refused
pay pay
back back
crowns crown
debts debt
Iron Iron
Bank Bank
Braavos Braavos
Tycho Tycho
Nestoris Nestoris
agrees agrees
support support
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Tommen Tommen
Tommen Tommen
kept kept
hidden hidden
away away
Red Red
Keep Keep
mother mother
completes completes
walk walk
atonement atonement
greatuncle greatuncle
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
Lord Lord
Regent Regent
Protector Protector
Realm Realm
feels feel
son son
see see
mother mother
like like
Tommen Tommen
dinner dinner
newlyreleased newlyreleased
Cersei Cersei
Kevan Kevan
entertains entertains
greatuncle greatuncle
exploits exploit
kittens kitten
Kevan Kevan
thinks think
Tommen Tommen
sweet sweet
lad lad
Cersei Cersei
wants want
Russell Russell
Merryweather Merryweather
come come
capital capital
befriend befriend
Tommen Tommen
Following Following
meal meal
Varys Varys
Kevan Kevan
Pycelle Pycelle
murdered murdered
support support
Aegon Aegon
Targaryens Targaryens
attempt attempt
take take
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Tommen Tommen
Margaery Margaery
Look Look
flames flame
dancing dancing
love love
Tommen Tommen
Mother Mother
look look
theyre theyre
dancingWhen dancingWhen
Im Im
king king
right right
Im Im
going going
outlaw outlaw
beetsCersei beetsCersei
Tommen Tommen
say say
prayers prayer
bed bed
tell tell
Mother Mother
Father Father
thankful thankful
still still
child child
king king
hard hard
work work
promise promise
like like
peck peck
like like
murder murder
crows crow
Every Every
one one
wants want
piece piece
flesh flesh
Tommen Tommen
Yes Yes
Mother Mother
wouldnt wouldnt
mind mind
pecking pecking
though though
go go
court court
every every
day day
listen listen
Margaery Margaery
says say
Cersei Cersei
deal deal
much much
half half
groat groat
Id Id
gladly gladly
tongue tongue
torn torn
Tommen Tommen
Ser Ser
Pounce Pounce
caught caught
mouse mouse
Lady Lady
Whiskers Whiskers
stole stole
Cersei Cersei
Ser Ser
Pounce Pounce
must must
learn learn
defend defend
rights right
world world
weak weak
always always
victims victim
strongHe strongHe
sweet sweet
boy boy
like like
brotherIf brotherIf
Tommen Tommen
elder elder
instead instead
Joffrey Joffrey
wouldnt wouldnt
mind mind
marrying marrying
TommenYou TommenYou
mew mew
like like
suckling suckling
babe babe
Princes Princes
arent arent
supposed supposed
cryEver cryEver
think think
easy easy
life life
would would
one one
born born
first first
weepy weepy
one one
Tommen Tommen
Seems Seems
like like
hed hed
whatever whatever
told told
good good
king king
shouldCersei shouldCersei
shall shall
rule rule
son son
comes come
age age
Jaime Jaime
dont dont
know know
pity pity
Tommen Tommen
Seven Seven
KingdomsTommen KingdomsTommen
son son
mine mine
Joffrey Joffrey
wasThe wasThe
world world
full full
horrors horror
Tommen Tommen
fight fight
laugh laugh
look look
without without
seeing seeing
go go
away away
insideHe insideHe
better better
king king
JoffreyHe JoffreyHe
never never
wife wife
dont dont
hateThe hateThe
two two
queens queen
squabbling squabbling
Tommen Tommen
like like
bitches bitch
juicy juicy
boneTommen boneTommen
taught taught
kingship kingship
right right
Aegon Aegon
knows know
kingship kingship
duty duty
king king
must must
put put
people people
first first
live live
rule rule
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
mocked mocked
Boros Boros
Belly Belly
knight knight
House House
Blount Blount
member member
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheons Baratheons
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Boros Boros
ugly ugly
man man
broad broad
chest chest
short short
bandy bandy
legs leg
flat flat
nose nose
jowls jowl
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
considers considers
bald bald
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
notices notice
brittle brittle
grey grey
hair hair
Boros Boros
sometimes sometimes
attired attired
white white
velvet velvet
snowy snowy
cloak cloak
fastened fastened
golden golden
lion lion
brooch brooch
tiny tiny
ruby ruby
eyes eye
Boros Boros
shorttempered shorttempered
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
describes describes
angry angry
paper paper
shield shield
Varys Varys
considers considers
Boros Boros
loyal loyal
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Many Many
characters character
think think
Boros Boros
contempt contempt
due due
mans man
cowardice cowardice
Boros Boros
took took
part part
tourney tourney
Lannisport Lannisport
AC AC
defeated defeated
eventual eventual
champion champion
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
sworn sworn
brothers brother
Ser Ser
Meryn Meryn
Trant Trant
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Boros Boros
escorts escort
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Winterfell Winterfell
According According
Varys Varys
Boros Boros
Meryn Meryn
despite despite
oath oath
Robert Robert
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannisters Lannisters
creatures creature
Boros Boros
present present
throne throne
room room
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
dismissed dismissed
Cersei Cersei
laughs laugh
former former
sworn sworn
brothers brother
shame shame
Boros Boros
hesitate hesitate
hit hit
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
order order
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Sansa Sansa
considers considers
worst worst
member member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Boros Boros
survives survives
riot riot
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
royal royal
procession procession
attacked attacked
return return
Red Red
Keep Keep
seeing seeing
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Dorne Dorne
Boros Boros
arrested arrested
later later
removed removed
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Cersei Cersei
due due
surrender surrender
without without
fight fight
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannisters Lannisters
men men
escorting escorting
Prince Prince
Tommen Tommen
road road
castle castle
Rosby Rosby
replaced replaced
Ser Ser
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
Tyrion Tyrion
reflects reflects
matter matter
Even Even
Ser Ser
Osmund Osmund
proved proved
utter utter
craven craven
would would
worse worse
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
currently currently
residing residing
dungeon dungeon
Rosby Rosby
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
escorting escorting
Tommen Tommen
Lord Lord
Gyles Gyles
Ser Ser
Jacelyn Jacelyn
Bywater Bywater
gold gold
cloaks cloak
surprised surprised
yielded yielded
charge charge
alacrity alacrity
would would
enraged enraged
old old
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
much much
Cersei Cersei
knight knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
supposed supposed
die die
defense defense
king king
royal royal
family family
sister sister
insisted insisted
Joffrey Joffrey
strip strip
Blount Blount
white white
cloak cloak
grounds ground
treason treason
cowardiceBoros cowardiceBoros
reinstated reinstated
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
upon upon
return return
Hand Hand
King King
fill fill
vacancy vacancy
left left
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
deserted deserted
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
trial trial
Tyrion Tyrion
death death
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Boros Boros
recounts recount
tale tale
Tyrion Tyrion
beating beating
Joffrey Joffrey
riot riot
threat threat
Joffreys Joffreys
life life
death death
Joffrey Joffrey
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
makes make
Boros Boros
official official
food food
taster taster
new new
king king
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
shameful shameful
post post
knight knight
Blount Blount
enraged enraged
states state
Jamie Jamie
food food
taster taster
since since
lost lost
sword sword
hand hand
Jaime Jaime
states state
Boros Boros
unhappy unhappy
duel duel
Jaime Jaime
causing causing
Blount Blount
spit spit
feet foot
leave leave
room room
angrily angrily
Boros Boros
Ser Ser
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
bring bring
news news
Lord Lord
Tywins Tywins
death death
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Osmund Osmund
later later
ordered ordered
Cersei Cersei
murder murder
two two
turnkeys turnkey
fell fell
asleep asleep
night night
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
escaped escaped
black black
cells cell
reprimanded reprimanded
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
mindlessly mindlessly
killing killing
two two
leads lead
Dorne Dorne
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakheart Oakheart
thinks think
Boros Boros
familiarity familiarity
Street Street
Silk Silk
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Cersei Cersei
frames frame
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
treason treason
plans plan
Boros Boros
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
available available
Margaery Margaery
asks asks
trial trial
combat combat
Cersei Cersei
believes belief
Boros Boros
would would
match match
champion champion
named named
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
Cersei Cersei
inquires inquires
Boross Boross
fighting fighting
skill skill
assured assured
Osmund Osmund
inept inept
fighter fighter
Boros Boros
remains remains
Red Red
Keep Keep
guards guard
Tommen Tommen
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
dinner dinner
Cersei Cersei
king king
Kevan Kevan
thinks think
Boros Boros
feeble feeble
tasting tasting
food food
possibly possibly
thing thing
good good
dinner dinner
Boros Boros
appears appears
heavier heavier
poor poor
health health
difficult difficult
time time
standing standing
duration duration
meal meal
lean lean
wall wall
support support
Grace Grace
sight sight
white white
cloaks cloak
might might
enrage enrage
mobSer mobSer
Boros Boros
worst worst
Kingsguard Kingsguard
ugly ugly
man man
foul foul
temper temper
scowls scowl
jowlsThat jowlsThat
one one
nothing nothing
fear fear
girl girl
Paint Paint
stripes stripe
toad toad
become become
tigerBlount tigerBlount
blustering blustering
cowardThe cowardThe
man man
craven craven
good good
thing thing
Though Though
fat fat
aging aging
never never
ordinary ordinary
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
could could
still still
hack hack
bloody bloody
pieces piece
Boros Boros
know know
neither neither
must must
rest rest
feared feared
man man
man man
theyd theyd
pityBoros pityBoros
cravenBoros cravenBoros
Belly Belly
Hes Hes
forty forty
Fifty Fifty
Halfdrunk Halfdrunk
half half
time time
fat fat
even even
hes he
sober sober
ever ever
taste taste
battle battle
hes he
lost lost
itSer itSer
Boros Boros
tasted tasted
every every
dish dish
set set
king king
humiliating humiliating
duty duty
knight knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
perhaps perhaps
Blount Blount
capable capable
days day
early early
draft draft
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
written written
Boros Boros
supposed supposed
die die
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakheart Oakheart
kingsguard kingsguard
supposed supposed
survive survive
encounter encounter
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
later later
changed changed
mind mind
Boros Boros
still still
alive alive
end end
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Arys Arys
dies dy
published published
version version
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Prince Prince
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
known known
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
youngest youngest
child child
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
member member
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
siblings sibling
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
played played
Callum Callum
Wharry Wharry
seasons season
DeanCharles DeanCharles
Chapman Chapman
seasons season
Tommen Tommen
plump plump
long long
whiteblond whiteblond
hair hair
golden golden
curls curl
emerald emerald
green green
eyes eye
beginning beginning
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
seven seven
years year
old old
Tommen Tommen
unlike unlike
Joffrey Joffrey
regarded regarded
goodhearted goodhearted
lad lad
always always
tries try
best best
Tommen Tommen
tenderhearted tenderhearted
strongwilled strongwilled
brother brother
Many Many
characters character
except except
mother mother
believe believe
would would
much much
better better
king king
Joffrey Joffrey
Tommen Tommen
fond fond
applecakes applecakes
enjoys enjoys
reading reading
clumsy clumsy
earnest earnest
dancer dancer
afraid afraid
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
Tommen Tommen
adopted adopted
fawn fawn
pet pet
elder elder
brother brother
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
later later
killed killed
skinned skinned
animal animal
also also
implied implied
Joffrey Joffrey
bullies bully
abuses abuse
Tommen Tommen
physically physically
emotionally emotionally
Following Following
tourney tourney
Prince Prince
Joffreys Joffreys
name name
day day
Tommen Tommen
siblings sibling
traveled traveled
Cersei Cersei
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
grandfather grandfather
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Tommen Tommen
part part
entourage entourage
father father
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
journeys journey
Winterfell Winterfell
following following
death death
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Winterfell Winterfell
Tommen Tommen
spars spar
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
using using
wooden wooden
swords sword
Tommen Tommen
Myrcella Myrcella
recognize recognize
dirty dirty
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
chases chase
cats cat
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Arya Arya
bowls bowl
Tommen Tommen
escapes escape
House House
Lannister Lannister
guards guard
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
new new
Hand Hand
King King
discovers discovers
Tommen Tommen
siblings sibling
biological biological
children child
Robert Robert
actually actually
fathered fathered
Cerseis Cerseis
twin twin
brother brother
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Robert Robert
dying dying
gored gored
boar boar
Lord Lord
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
suggests suggests
Tommen Tommen
Myrcella Myrcella
seized seized
Arya Arya
wed wed
Tommen Tommen
Eddard Eddard
refuses refuse
however however
Tommens Tommens
older older
brother brother
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
becomes becomes
king king
Robert Robert
dies dy
Tommen Tommen
present present
Eddard Eddard
arrested arrested
throne throne
room room
Tommen Tommen
attends attends
tourney tourney
King King
Joffreys Joffreys
name name
day day
Joffrey Joffrey
laughs laugh
Tommen Tommen
youth youth
struck struck
quintain quintain
Announcing Announcing
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
declares declares
nephew nephew
Joffrey Joffrey
siblings sibling
abominations abomination
born born
incest incest
Tommen Tommen
cries cry
Myrcella Myrcella
sails sail
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Dorne Dorne
riot riot
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
breaks break
Myrcella Myrcella
leaves leaf
harbor harbor
rioting rioting
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
making making
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
increasingly increasingly
unsafe unsafe
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
plots plot
sneak sneak
Tommen Tommen
city city
Rosby Rosby
protection protection
Lord Lord
Gyles Gyles
Rosby Rosby
disguised disguised
page page
However However
Tommens Tommens
uncle uncle
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
acting acting
Hand Hand
King King
learns learns
plot plot
sends sends
Ser Ser
Jacelyn Jacelyn
Bywater Bywater
intercept intercept
party party
Rosby Rosby
road road
take take
Tommen Tommen
Rosby Rosby
thereby thereby
Tyrions Tyrions
control control
Cerseis Cerseis
Tommen Tommen
adopts adopts
fawn fawn
Rosby Rosby
Jacelyn Jacelyn
tasks task
men men
evacuating evacuating
boy boy
unknown unknown
location location
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
falls fall
war war
Tyrion Tyrion
threatens threatens
Cersei Cersei
harm harm
inflicted inflicted
Alayaya Alayaya
prostitute prostitute
believed believed
Tyrions Tyrions
lover lover
arrested arrested
queens queen
orders order
visited visited
upon upon
Tommen Tommen
well well
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
allowed allowed
Jacelyn Jacelyn
take take
Tommen Tommen
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
stripped stripped
white white
cloak cloak
Cersei Cersei
Jacelyn Jacelyn
Bywater Bywater
killed killed
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Cersei Cersei
Tommen Tommen
brought brought
back back
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Kettleblack Kettleblack
brothers brother
Acting Acting
accord accord
Hand Hand
Stannis Stannis
Lord Lord
Alester Alester
Florent Florent
attempts attempt
settle settle
peace peace
agreement agreement
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Tommens Tommens
grandfather grandfather
involves involves
promise promise
marriage marriage
Tommen Tommen
Stanniss Stanniss
daughter daughter
Princess Princess
Shireen Shireen
plans plan
come come
pass pas
wedding wedding
feast feast
Tyrion Tyrion
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Tommen Tommen
taller taller
uncle uncle
dances dance
Megga Megga
Tyrell Tyrell
Sansa Sansa
Tommen Tommen
participates participates
wedding wedding
Joffrey Joffrey
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
handing handing
brides bride
cloak cloak
brother brother
boy boy
scatters scatter
rose rose
petals petal
king king
queen queen
ceremony ceremony
Tommen Tommen
screams scream
cries cry
Joffrey Joffrey
chokes choke
death death
wedding wedding
feast feast
Tommen Tommen
crowned crowned
king king
aftermath aftermath
Joffreys Joffreys
death death
plans plan
made made
wed wed
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
Joffreys Joffreys
stead stead
wanting wanting
Cersei Cersei
raise raise
Tommen Tommen
Tywin Tywin
wants want
Jaime Jaime
abdicate abdicate
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
educate educate
boy boy
ward ward
squire squire
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
However However
Jaime Jaime
refuses refuse
Jaime Jaime
orders order
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
serve serve
boy boy
kings king
food food
taster taster
Prince Prince
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
reminds reminds
Tyrion Tyrion
imprisoned imprisoned
Joffreys Joffreys
death death
according according
Dornish Dornish
law law
Myrcella Myrcella
succeed succeed
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
rather rather
younger younger
brother brother
Tommen Tommen
Tyrions Tyrions
trial trial
Shae Shae
alleges alleges
Tyrion Tyrion
killed killed
Joffrey Joffrey
planned planned
eventually eventually
kill kill
Tommen Tommen
Tommens Tommens
greatuncle greatuncle
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
provides provides
boy boy
king king
documents document
sign sign
including including
pardons pardon
grants grant
bills bill
attainder attainder
Tyrion Tyrion
kills kill
father father
Tywin Tywin
Tommens Tommens
Hand Hand
Jaime Jaime
helps help
escape escape
imprisonment imprisonment
Tommen Tommen
continues continues
usage usage
split split
black black
stag stag
golden golden
lion lion
royal royal
banner banner
introduced introduced
Joffrey Joffrey
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
new new
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
discuss discus
letter letter
prepared prepared
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
asks asks
assistance assistance
King King
Tommen Tommen
Jon Jon
recalls recall
Tommen Tommen
sparred sparred
halfbrother halfbrother
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
dead dead
Tommen Tommen
king king
Jon Jon
reluctantly reluctantly
agrees agrees
message message
sent sent
raven raven
Cersei Cersei
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
death death
father father
Tywin Tywin
Tommen Tommen
acts act
king king
primary primary
favorite favorite
activity activity
place place
royal royal
stamp stamp
document document
put put
front front
Cersei Cersei
frowns frown
upon upon
meek meek
tractable tractable
nature nature
frequently frequently
comparing comparing
disfavor disfavor
willful willful
headstrong headstrong
brother brother
Joffrey Joffrey
Tommen Tommen
frightened frightened
dying dying
Ser Ser
Gregor Gregor
Cleganes Cleganes
screams scream
flees flees
disgust disgust
Tywins Tywins
corpse corpse
Kevan Kevan
refuses refuse
serve serve
Hand Hand
Tommen Tommen
leaves leaf
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
since since
niece niece
yield yield
Tommens Tommens
regency regency
Ser Ser
Harys Harys
Swyft Swyft
instead instead
becomes becomes
Kings Kings
Hand Hand
Lord Lord
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
insists insists
Tommen Tommen
wed wed
daughter daughter
Margaery Margaery
agreeing agreeing
march march
Storms Storms
End End
Cersei Cersei
trust trust
House House
Tyrell Tyrell
however however
wed wed
Tommen Tommen
covers cover
Margaery Margaery
black black
Baratheon Baratheon
cloak cloak
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
used used
married married
Cersei Cersei
Tommen Tommen
dances dance
Margaery Margaery
cousins cousin
Alla Alla
Elinor Elinor
Megga Megga
feast feast
Tommen Tommen
fascinated fascinated
frightened frightened
Cersei Cersei
burns burn
Tower Tower
Hand Hand
wildfire wildfire
wedding wedding
Dorne Dorne
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
plots plot
crown crown
Tommens Tommens
sister sister
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
opposition opposition
boy boy
king king
plan plan
foiled foiled
father father
Prince Prince
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
however however
Wanting Wanting
Tommen Tommen
younger younger
advisors advisor
Cersei Cersei
appoints appoints
Aurane Aurane
Waters Waters
master master
ships ship
small small
council council
small small
council council
receives receives
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Jon Jon
Snows Snows
request request
aid aid
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Cersei Cersei
agrees agrees
send send
reinforcements reinforcement
Tommens Tommens
name name
tasked tasked
assassinating assassinating
Jon Jon
Margaery Margaery
begins begin
influence influence
Tommen Tommen
resist resist
mothers mother
commands command
Margaery Margaery
gives give
Tommen Tommen
three three
black black
kittens kitten
Ser Ser
Pounce Pounce
Lady Lady
Whiskers Whiskers
Boots Boots
Tommen Tommen
also also
takes take
interest interest
knighthood knighthood
jousting jousting
reacts reacts
anger anger
Cersei Cersei
refuses refuse
honor honor
command command
Ser Ser
Loras Loras
Tyrell Tyrell
Kingsguard Kingsguard
named named
Red Red
Keeps Keeps
masteratarms masteratarms
Cersei Cersei
assigns assigns
Ser Ser
Osney Osney
Kettleblack Kettleblack
Tommens Tommens
sworn sworn
shield shield
queen queen
regent regent
also also
tasks task
seducing seducing
Margaery Margaery
return return
Cersei Cersei
allowing allowing
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
reform reform
new new
High High
Septon Septon
High High
Sparrow Sparrow
forgives forgives
crowns crown
debts debt
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
blesses blesses
King King
Tommen Tommen
king king
gives give
Loras Loras
jeweled jeweled
sword sword
knight knight
departs departs
siege siege
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Tommen Tommen
stands stand
mother mother
shows show
assertiveness assertiveness
Cersei Cersei
threatens threatens
Margaery Margaery
Cerseis Cerseis
response response
Boros Boros
force force
Tommen Tommen
beat beat
whipping whipping
boy boy
Pate Pate
bleeds bleeds
order order
claim claim
inheritance inheritance
Gyles Gyles
Rosby Rosby
Cersei Cersei
claims claim
late late
lord lord
wanted wanted
land land
wealth wealth
go go
Tommen Tommen
Cersei Cersei
engineers engineer
Margaerys Margaerys
arrest arrest
Faith Faith
allegedly allegedly
sleeping sleeping
number number
men men
Following Following
Cerseis Cerseis
arrest arrest
treason treason
adultery adultery
Tommen Tommen
continues continues
bidding bidding
small small
council council
controlled controlled
Ser Ser
Harys Harys
Swyft Swyft
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelle Pycelle
lonely lonely
Tommen Tommen
asks asks
wife wife
mother mother
signs sign
decree decree
placed placed
Jaime Jaime
informs informs
Freys Freys
siege siege
Riverrun Riverrun
King King
Tommen Tommen
requires requires
captives captive
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Prince Prince
Doran Doran
Martells Martells
seneschal seneschal
Ricasso Ricasso
toasts toast
Tommens Tommens
name name
feast feast
welcoming welcoming
Ser Ser
Balon Balon
Swann Swann
Sunspear Sunspear
many many
Dornishmen Dornishmen
refuse refuse
drink drink
boy boy
kings king
honor honor
Balon Balon
brings brings
word word
Cersei Cersei
would would
like like
Myrcella Myrcella
briefly briefly
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Tommen Tommen
could could
befriend befriend
Prince Prince
Trystane Trystane
Martell Martell
Later Later
Ellaria Ellaria
Sand Sand
objects object
Sand Sand
Snakes Snakes
desire desire
vengeance vengeance
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
descendants descendant
includes includes
wish wish
murder murder
Tommen Tommen
Since Since
Cersei Cersei
refused refused
pay pay
back back
crowns crown
debts debt
Iron Iron
Bank Bank
Braavos Braavos
Tycho Tycho
Nestoris Nestoris
agrees agrees
support support
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Tommen Tommen
Tommen Tommen
kept kept
hidden hidden
away away
Red Red
Keep Keep
mother mother
completes completes
walk walk
atonement atonement
greatuncle greatuncle
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
Lord Lord
Regent Regent
Protector Protector
Realm Realm
feels feel
son son
see see
mother mother
like like
Tommen Tommen
dinner dinner
newlyreleased newlyreleased
Cersei Cersei
Kevan Kevan
entertains entertains
greatuncle greatuncle
exploits exploit
kittens kitten
Kevan Kevan
thinks think
Tommen Tommen
sweet sweet
lad lad
Cersei Cersei
wants want
Russell Russell
Merryweather Merryweather
come come
capital capital
befriend befriend
Tommen Tommen
Following Following
meal meal
Varys Varys
Kevan Kevan
Pycelle Pycelle
murdered murdered
support support
Aegon Aegon
Targaryens Targaryens
attempt attempt
take take
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Tommen Tommen
Margaery Margaery
Look Look
flames flame
dancing dancing
love love
Tommen Tommen
Mother Mother
look look
theyre theyre
dancingWhen dancingWhen
Im Im
king king
right right
Im Im
going going
outlaw outlaw
beetsCersei beetsCersei
Tommen Tommen
say say
prayers prayer
bed bed
tell tell
Mother Mother
Father Father
thankful thankful
still still
child child
king king
hard hard
work work
promise promise
like like
peck peck
like like
murder murder
crows crow
Every Every
one one
wants want
piece piece
flesh flesh
Tommen Tommen
Yes Yes
Mother Mother
wouldnt wouldnt
mind mind
pecking pecking
though though
go go
court court
every every
day day
listen listen
Margaery Margaery
says say
Cersei Cersei
deal deal
much much
half half
groat groat
Id Id
gladly gladly
tongue tongue
torn torn
Tommen Tommen
Ser Ser
Pounce Pounce
caught caught
mouse mouse
Lady Lady
Whiskers Whiskers
stole stole
Cersei Cersei
Ser Ser
Pounce Pounce
must must
learn learn
defend defend
rights right
world world
weak weak
always always
victims victim
strongHe strongHe
sweet sweet
boy boy
like like
brotherIf brotherIf
Tommen Tommen
elder elder
instead instead
Joffrey Joffrey
wouldnt wouldnt
mind mind
marrying marrying
TommenYou TommenYou
mew mew
like like
suckling suckling
babe babe
Princes Princes
arent arent
supposed supposed
cryEver cryEver
think think
easy easy
life life
would would
one one
born born
first first
weepy weepy
one one
Tommen Tommen
Seems Seems
like like
hed hed
whatever whatever
told told
good good
king king
shouldCersei shouldCersei
shall shall
rule rule
son son
comes come
age age
Jaime Jaime
dont dont
know know
pity pity
Tommen Tommen
Seven Seven
KingdomsTommen KingdomsTommen
son son
mine mine
Joffrey Joffrey
wasThe wasThe
world world
full full
horrors horror
Tommen Tommen
fight fight
laugh laugh
look look
without without
seeing seeing
go go
away away
insideHe insideHe
better better
king king
JoffreyHe JoffreyHe
never never
wife wife
dont dont
hateThe hateThe
two two
queens queen
squabbling squabbling
Tommen Tommen
like like
bitches bitch
juicy juicy
boneTommen boneTommen
taught taught
kingship kingship
right right
Aegon Aegon
knows know
kingship kingship
duty duty
king king
must must
put put
people people
first first
live live
rule rule
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
seat seat
Lord Lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
often often
used used
metonymic metonymic
device device
refer refer
kings king
authority authority
polity polity
born born
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
king king
often often
holds hold
audiences audience
dispenses dispenses
justice justice
atop atop
Red Red
Keeps Keeps
throne throne
room room
Great Great
Hall Hall
chair chair
cold cold
hard hard
many many
jagged jagged
edges edge
kings king
absence absence
Hand Hand
may may
sit sit
throne throne
privilege privilege
extend extend
royal royal
regents regent
However However
three three
exceptions exception
exist exist
Queen Queen
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryens Targaryens
partners partner
power power
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
sat sat
throne throne
took took
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
asymmetric asymmetric
monstrosity monstrosity
spikes spike
jagged jagged
edges edge
twisted twisted
metal metal
throne throne
constructed constructed
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
melted melted
twisted twisted
beaten beaten
broken broken
blades blade
surrendered surrendered
enemies enemy
wrenched wrenched
hands hand
dying dying
According According
songs song
took took
thousand thousand
blades blade
make make
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
described described
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
massive massive
ugly ugly
assymetric assymetric
throne throne
symbol symbol
conquest conquest
fanged fanged
steel steel
behind behind
impossible impossible
lean lean
back back
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegon Aegon
intended intended
uncomfortable uncomfortable
believing believing
king king
never never
sit sit
easy easy
points point
twisted twisted
blades blade
fan fan
like like
talons talon
arms arm
throne throne
Even Even
three three
hundred hundred
years year
blades blade
still still
sharp sharp
enough enough
cut cut
According According
stories story
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
capable capable
killing killing
person person
done done
King King
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
known known
cut cut
throne throne
happened happened
Aerys Aerys
II II
often often
became became
known known
King King
Scab Scab
King King
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
found found
dead dead
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
arms arm
slashed slashed
open open
wrist wrist
elbow elbow
jagged jagged
barbs barb
blade blade
neck neck
emerging emerging
beneath beneath
chin chin
According According
Archmaester Archmaester
Gyldayn Gyldayn
many many
still still
believe believe
Maegor Maegor
killed killed
throne throne
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
located located
high high
platform platform
throne throne
room room
within within
Red Red
Keep Keep
reached reached
climbing climbing
steep steep
iron iron
steps step
Great Great
Hall Hall
Following Following
conquest conquest
six six
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Westeros Westeros
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
crowned crowned
High High
Septon Septon
Oldtown Oldtown
swords sword
enemies enemy
Aegon Aegon
created created
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
dynasty dynasty
began began
would would
rule rule
nearly nearly
three three
hundred hundred
years year
According According
songs song
throne throne
constructed constructed
thousand thousand
blades blade
heated heated
breath breath
Aegons Aegons
dragon dragon
Balerion Balerion
According According
history history
however however
throne throne
forged forged
armorers armorer
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
stood stood
Aegons Aegons
wooden wooden
castle castle
Aegonfort Aegonfort
located located
place place
first first
come come
shore shore
town town
grew grew
around around
became became
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
kingdoms kingdom
new new
capital capital
Aegon Aegon
reconciled reconciled
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
rule rule
AC AC
continued continued
wars war
AC AC
First First
Dornish Dornish
War War
attempt attempt
subdue subdue
seventh seventh
Westerosi Westerosi
kingdoms kingdom
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
kept kept
war war
following following
conclusion conclusion
First First
Dornish Dornish
War War
AC AC
wars war
Dorne Dorne
would would
follow follow
Aegons Aegons
successors successor
Second Second
Dornish Dornish
War War
AC AC
start start
Aenys Aenys
Targaryens Targaryens
reign reign
Third Third
Fourth Fourth
Dornish Dornish
War War
reign reign
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Conquest Conquest
Dorne Dorne
reign reign
Daeron Daeron
Targaryen Targaryen
Aegons Aegons
reign reign
one one
queens queen
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
would would
sit sit
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegon Aegon
sister sister
away away
capital capital
one one
progresses progress
AC AC
Aegon Aegon
Aegonfort Aegonfort
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
stood stood
torn torn
construction construction
Red Red
Keep Keep
began began
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
remained remained
stood stood
Aegons Aegons
immediate immediate
successor successor
eldest eldest
son son
Aenys Aenys
faced faced
several several
rebellions rebellion
start start
reign reign
AC AC
resolved resolved
bannermen bannermen
brother brother
Prince Prince
Maegor Maegor
course course
year year
Aenys Aenys
later later
faced faced
problems problem
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
first first
following following
brothers brother
polygamous polygamous
marriage marriage
AC AC
next next
married married
son son
daughter daughter
Aegon Aegon
Rhaena Rhaena
one one
another another
AC AC
Faith Faith
rose rose
rebellion rebellion
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
eventually eventually
forcing forcing
Aenys Aenys
family family
flee flee
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aenys Aenys
died died
following following
year year
illness illness
Aenyss Aenyss
brother brother
Maegor Maegor
returned returned
exile exile
claimed claimed
throne throne
late late
kings king
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
unable unable
travel travel
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Maegor Maegor
took took
throne throne
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Alyssa Alyssa
Velaryon Velaryon
proclaimed proclaimed
Aegon Aegon
king king
Driftmark Driftmark
came came
forth forth
support support
Called Called
pretender pretender
Aegon Aegon
Uncrowned Uncrowned
Aegon Aegon
took took
arms arm
Maegor Maegor
AC AC
slipped slipped
capital capital
claim claim
dragon dragon
Quicksilver Quicksilver
Aegon Aegon
fell fell
Maegor Maegor
Battle Battle
Beneath Beneath
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
later later
year year
however however
sixyear sixyear
rule rule
Maegor Maegor
continued continued
fight fight
Faith Faith
harshly harshly
causing causing
deaths death
thousands thousand
Notably Notably
ordered ordered
construction construction
Maegors Maegors
Holdfast Holdfast
within within
Red Red
Keep Keep
AC AC
Red Red
Keep Keep
completed completed
AC AC
Maegor Maegor
workers worker
killed killed
prevent prevent
castles castle
secrets secret
spread spread
Aenys Aenys
youngest youngest
son son
Prince Prince
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
announced announced
claim claim
throne throne
Storms Storms
End End
early early
AC AC
Maegors Maegors
main main
supporters supporter
flocked flocked
Jaehaeryss Jaehaeryss
side side
leaving leaving
insufficient insufficient
men men
defend defend
Maegor Maegor
found found
dead dead
seated seated
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Queen Queen
Elinor Elinor
Costayne Costayne
hours hour
last last
war war
council council
cause cause
Maegors Maegors
death death
still still
debated debated
several several
potential potential
murderers murderer
put put
forth forth
suggesting suggesting
Maegor Maegor
killed killed
throne throne
others others
Maegor Maegor
taken taken
life life
Following Following
death death
Maegor Maegor
succeeded succeeded
brothers brother
youngest youngest
son son
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
reigned reigned
fiftyfive fiftyfive
years year
recognized recognized
first first
sisters sister
eldest eldest
daughter daughter
Aerea Aerea
Targaryen Targaryen
heir heir
followed followed
daughter daughter
Daenerys Daenerys
later later
son son
Aemon Aemon
Aemons Aemons
death death
AC AC
resulted resulted
crisis crisis
line line
succession succession
forcing forcing
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
choose choose
Aemons Aemons
daughter daughter
child child
Rhaenys Rhaenys
second second
son son
Baelon Baelon
Baelon Baelon
named named
pregnant pregnant
Rhaenys Rhaenys
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
passed passed
also also
unborn unborn
son son
Upon Upon
Baelons Baelons
death death
AC AC
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
called called
first first
Great Great
Council Council
Harrenhal Harrenhal
appoint appoint
new new
heir heir
thirteen thirteen
days day
fourteen fourteen
claims claim
discussed discussed
lords lord
realm realm
lords lord
assembled assembled
eventually eventually
chose chose
Rhaenyss Rhaenyss
son son
Laenor Laenor
Velaryon Velaryon
Baelons Baelons
eldest eldest
son son
Viserys Viserys
elder elder
Viserys Viserys
chosen chosen
great great
majority majority
votes vote
Viseryss Viseryss
reign reign
gave gave
peace peace
plenty plenty
realm realm
AC AC
passing passing
judgement judgement
seated seated
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Viserys Viserys
injured injured
severely severely
barbs barb
Maester Maester
Gerardys Gerardys
managed managed
save save
kings king
life life
amputation amputation
two two
Viseryss Viseryss
fingers finger
Following Following
death death
second second
son son
Prince Prince
Baelon Baelon
Viserys Viserys
officially officially
proclaimed proclaimed
daughter daughter
Princess Princess
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
heir heir
Viserys Viserys
remarried remarried
death death
first first
wife wife
despite despite
three three
sons son
second second
marriage marriage
continued continued
view view
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
heir heir
Viserys Viserys
death death
early early
AC AC
Aegon Aegon
Elder Elder
eldest eldest
son son
claimed claimed
throne throne
making making
use use
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryens Targaryens
presence presence
Dragonstone Dragonstone
pregnancy pregnancy
Brother Brother
sister sister
fought fought
throne throne
two two
half half
years year
followed followed
struggle struggle
called called
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
AC AC
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
took took
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
sat sat
first first
night night
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
accept accept
fealty fealty
present present
Red Red
Keep Keep
Even Even
though though
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
wore wore
armor armor
time time
Septon Septon
Eustace Eustace
one one
supporters supporter
Aegon Aegon
II II
claims claim
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
cuts cut
legs leg
palm palm
left left
hand hand
got got
throne throne
Eustace Eustace
claimed claimed
indication indication
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
spurned spurned
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
fled fled
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
half half
year year
later later
Storming Storming
Dragonpit Dragonpit
two two
new new
kings king
declared declared
Moon Moon
Three Three
Kings Kings
Trystane Trystane
Truefyre Truefyre
young young
squire squire
took took
possession possession
Red Red
Keep Keep
sat sat
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Gaemon Gaemon
Palehair Palehair
small small
child child
Aegon Aegon
II II
fed fed
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
dragon dragon
Sunfyre Sunfyre
fall fall
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Trystane Trystane
Gaemon Gaemon
eventually eventually
arrested arrested
Lord Lord
Borros Borros
Baratheon Baratheon
Since Since
Aegon Aegon
away away
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Alicent Alicent
Hightower Hightower
received received
submission submission
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
lower lower
steps step
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
crippled crippled
Aegon Aegon
unable unable
climb climb
steps step
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
returned returned
capital capital
instead instead
used used
carved carved
cushioned cushioned
wooden wooden
seat seat
Aegon Aegon
killed killed
poison poison
half half
year year
later later
Battle Battle
Kingsroad Kingsroad
body body
laid laid
upon upon
bier bier
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Lads Lads
arrived arrived
Red Red
Keep Keep
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
eleven eleven
yearold yearold
son son
Aegon Aegon
Younger Younger
crowned crowned
king king
married married
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
daughter daughter
remaining remaining
child child
Jaehaera Jaehaera
Targaryen Targaryen
uniting uniting
claims claim
Lord Lord
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
briefly briefly
served served
Hand Hand
King King
socalled socalled
Hour Hour
Wolf Wolf
Although Although
Cregan Cregan
might might
sat sat
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Hand Hand
instead instead
used used
simple simple
wooden wooden
bench bench
beneath beneath
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
died died
AC AC
regency regency
Aegon Aegon
III III
body body
placed placed
beneath beneath
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
seven seven
days day
Unlike Unlike
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Unwin Unwin
Peake Peake
used used
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
serving serving
Aegons Aegons
Hand Hand
Aegon Aegon
sat sat
throne throne
Maidens Maidens
Day Day
Cattle Cattle
Show Show
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
succeeded succeeded
AC AC
fourteenyear fourteenyear
old old
son son
Daeron Daeron
led led
conquest conquest
Dorne Dorne
Young Young
Dragon Dragon
slain slain
Dornishmen Dornishmen
four four
years year
later later
however however
succeeded succeeded
brother brother
Baelor Baelor
Baelor Baelor
Blessed Blessed
died died
AC AC
fortyday fortyday
fast fast
succession succession
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
unclear unclear
claims claim
Baelors Baelors
three three
sisters sister
discussed discussed
dismissed dismissed
Baelors Baelors
uncle uncle
Viserys Viserys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
crowned crowned
Viserys Viserys
reigned reigned
year year
said said
truly truly
ruled ruled
preserved preserved
land land
much much
longer longer
Hand Hand
King King
time time
brother brother
Aegon Aegon
IIIs IIIs
reign reign
well well
reigns reign
nephews nephew
Daeron Daeron
Baelor Baelor
Despite Despite
shortness shortness
reign reign
Viserys Viserys
implemented implemented
several several
new new
reforms reform
Viserys Viserys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
sudden sudden
illness illness
eldest eldest
son son
ascended ascended
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
remembered remembered
history history
Unworthy Unworthy
deathbed deathbed
Aegon Aegon
legitimized legitimized
bastards bastard
including including
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
bastard bastard
son son
cousin cousin
Daena Daena
Targaryen Targaryen
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
fought fought
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegons Aegons
heir heir
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
brought brought
Dorne Dorne
peacefully peacefully
realm realm
early early
reign reign
wedding wedding
younger younger
sister sister
Daenerys Daenerys
goodbrother goodbrother
Maron Maron
Martell Martell
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
previously previously
gifted gifted
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Targaryen Targaryen
sword sword
Blackfyre Blackfyre
typically typically
considered considered
sword sword
kings king
combined combined
growing growing
Dornish Dornish
influence influence
court court
brought brought
resentment resentment
Daeron Daeron
II II
AC AC
Daemon Daemon
announced announced
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
beginning beginning
First First
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
died died
Battle Battle
Redgrass Redgrass
Field Field
later later
year year
two two
eldest eldest
sons son
remaining remaining
children child
fled fled
Essos Essos
Four Four
rebellions rebellion
would would
follow follow
decades decade
followed followed
second second
third third
rebellions rebellion
took took
place place
reign reign
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
fourth fourth
reign reign
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
fifth fifth
final final
rebellion rebellion
part part
War War
Ninepenny Ninepenny
Kings Kings
reign reign
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Following Following
death death
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryens Targaryens
eldest eldest
son son
Baelor Baelor
Baelors Baelors
two two
sons son
Valarr Valarr
Matarys Matarys
Daeron Daeron
succeeded succeeded
second second
son son
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
new new
kings king
first first
heir heir
brother brother
Rhaegel Rhaegel
Rhaegels Rhaegels
death death
Aerys Aerys
acknowledged acknowledged
Rhaegels Rhaegels
son son
Aelor Aelor
heir heir
Aelor Aelor
died died
AC AC
mishap mishap
caused caused
twin twin
sister sister
wife wife
Aelora Aelora
Aeryss Aeryss
third third
heir heir
Aelora Aelora
However However
mad mad
grief grief
committed committed
suicide suicide
sometime sometime
later later
leaving leaving
Aerys Aerys
recognize recognize
fourth fourth
last last
heir heir
throne throne
youngest youngest
brother brother
Maekar Maekar
Aerys Aerys
died died
AC AC
Maekar Maekar
succeeded succeeded
Maekar Maekar
reign reign
lasted lasted
AC AC
king king
fell fell
battle battle
fighting fighting
rebellious rebellious
lord lord
Dornish Dornish
Marches Marches
Peake Peake
Uprising Uprising
Great Great
Council Council
convened convened
Maekars Maekars
death death
fourth fourth
son son
chosen chosen
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
Aegon Aegon
Unlikely Unlikely
perished perished
AC AC
tragedy tragedy
Summerhall Summerhall
however however
succeeded succeeded
second second
son son
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
II II
died died
three three
years year
later later
illness illness
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
followed followed
son son
Aerys Aerys
II II
Although Although
reign reign
began began
promising promising
Aeryss Aeryss
madness madness
slowly slowly
grew grew
AC AC
become become
known known
“ “
Mad Mad
King King
” ”
“ “
King King
Scab Scab
” ”
cut cut
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
many many
times time
Following Following
abduction abduction
Lyanna Lyanna
Stark Stark
Aeryss Aeryss
son son
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Mad Mad
King King
executed executed
father father
brother brother
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
Stark Stark
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
throne throne
room room
AC AC
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Kingsguard Kingsguard
stood stood
foot foot
Iron Iron
throne throne
executions execution
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
refused refused
Aeryss Aeryss
order order
kill kill
Rickards Rickards
heir heir
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Eyrie Eyrie
however however
beginning beginning
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
north north
parts part
stormlands stormlands
riverlands riverlands
rose rose
Aerys Aerys
westerlands westerlands
joined joined
rebels rebel
Rhaegars Rhaegars
death death
Battle Battle
Trident Trident
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
host host
Mad Mad
King King
ordered ordered
pyromancers pyromancer
destroy destroy
capital capital
wildfire wildfire
plot plot
Jaime Jaime
Tywins Tywins
eldest eldest
son son
hauled hauled
Aerys Aerys
steps step
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
cut cut
throat throat
even even
though though
Kingsguard Kingsguard
sworn sworn
protect protect
king king
Jaime Jaime
climbed climbed
steps step
waited waited
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
see see
would would
claim claim
eventually eventually
climbing climbing
arrival arrival
Ned Ned
Stark Stark
throne throne
room room
Rhaegars Rhaegars
children child
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Aegon Aegon
murdered murdered
Ser Ser
Amory Amory
Lorch Lorch
Ser Ser
Gregor Gregor
Clegane Clegane
Sack Sack
Tywin Tywin
childrens childrens
bodies body
covered covered
crimson crimson
cloaks cloak
placed placed
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
await await
arrival arrival
Robert Robert
claimed claimed
throne throne
king king
Aeryss Aeryss
wife wife
Rhaella Rhaella
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
giving giving
birth birth
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aeryss Aeryss
surviving surviving
son son
young young
Viserys Viserys
fled fled
Daenerys Daenerys
exile exile
Free Free
Cities Cities
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
ascended ascended
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
AC AC
Robert Robert
came came
strongly strongly
dislike dislike
kingship kingship
according according
Donal Donal
Noye Noye
becoming becoming
king king
changed changed
Robert Robert
better better
Finding Finding
ruling ruling
realm realm
tedious tedious
Robert Robert
refers refers
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
damnable damnable
monstrous monstrous
uncomfortable uncomfortable
chair chair
Meanwhile Meanwhile
love love
tourneys tourney
feasts feast
beggared beggared
realm realm
despite despite
fact fact
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
left left
treasure treasure
vaults vault
overflowing overflowing
gold gold
Roberts Roberts
spending spending
left left
crown crown
debt debt
six six
million million
golden golden
dragons dragon
AC AC
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
proclaimed proclaimed
independence independence
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
led led
Greyjoys Greyjoys
Rebellion Rebellion
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
rebellion rebellion
put put
within within
year year
Robert Robert
pardoned pardoned
Balon Balon
siege siege
Pyke Pyke
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Hand Hand
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
sits sits
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
king king
hunting hunting
kingswood kingswood
Roberts Roberts
reign reign
comes come
end end
wife wife
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
arranges arranges
death death
eldest eldest
son son
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
takes take
throne throne
Robert Robert
acknowledged acknowledged
Joffrey Joffrey
trueborn trueborn
son son
father father
Cerseis Cerseis
children child
actually actually
twin twin
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Kingsguard Kingsguard
hunting hunting
tapestries tapestry
replaced replaced
dragon dragon
skulls skull
taken taken
throne throne
rooms room
walls wall
Joffreys Joffreys
first first
court court
session session
throne throne
room room
young young
king king
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelle Pycelle
read read
royal royal
decrees decree
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
dismissed dismissed
duties duty
Roberts Roberts
youngest youngest
brother brother
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
puts put
forward forward
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Joffrey Joffrey
capriciously capriciously
orders order
beheading beheading
Lord Lord
Stark Stark
outside outside
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
Stark Stark
Tully Tully
bannermen bannermen
gathered gathered
Riverrun Riverrun
declare declare
Neds Neds
heir heir
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
King King
North North
north north
riverlands riverlands
secede secede
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Renlys Renlys
older older
brother brother
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
announces announces
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
thrown thrown
greater greater
turmoil turmoil
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
acting acting
Kings Kings
Hand Hand
Joffrey Joffrey
holds hold
audience audience
throne throne
Essos Essos
exiled exiled
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
intends intends
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Westeros Westeros
Renly Renly
assassinated assassinated
siege siege
Storms Storms
End End
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
enters enters
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
opportunism opportunism
reestablish reestablish
independence independence
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Following Following
Stanniss Stanniss
defeat defeat
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Joffrey Joffrey
hosts host
great great
audience audience
Great Great
Hall Hall
cuts cut
arm arm
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Ser Ser
Axell Axell
Florent Florent
claims claim
seen seen
vision vision
flames flame
Stannis Stannis
sitting sitting
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
dies dy
Pyke Pyke
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
King King
North North
King King
Trident Trident
slain slain
Twins Twins
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
believed believed
largely largely
ended ended
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
draped draped
long long
silk silk
streamers streamer
royal royal
wedding wedding
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
young young
king king
poisoned poisoned
wedding wedding
feast feast
throne throne
room room
however however
younger younger
brother brother
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
crowned crowned
place place
Tommen Tommen
controlled controlled
advisors advisor
mother mother
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
grandfather grandfather
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
serves serf
Hand Hand
King King
trial trial
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
accused accused
murdered murdered
Joffrey Joffrey
held held
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Following Following
murder murder
Tywin Tywin
Tyrion Tyrion
Cersei Cersei
holds hold
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
regent regent
behalf behalf
son son
young young
Tommen Tommen
Cersei Cersei
dream dream
sitting sitting
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
turns turn
nightmare nightmare
Cersei Cersei
refuses refuse
allow allow
Tommen Tommen
sit sit
sharp sharp
throne throne
monarch monarch
Hand Hand
King King
Cersei Cersei
rules rule
goldandcrimson goldandcrimson
high high
seat seat
beneath beneath
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
plots plot
crown crown
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
Tommens Tommens
older older
sister sister
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
queen queen
plot plot
falters falter
Greenblood Greenblood
however however
Euron Euron
Greyjoy Greyjoy
chosen chosen
Balons Balons
successor successor
King King
Isles Isles
North North
kingsmoot kingsmoot
plans plan
conquer conquer
Westeros Westeros
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Cersei Cersei
reestablishes reestablishes
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
arrested arrested
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
various various
crimes crime
uncle uncle
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
becomes becomes
regent regent
place place
Tommen Tommen
continues continues
hold hold
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
regency regency
granduncle granduncle
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
Stannis Stannis
still still
maintains maintains
claim claim
even even
north north
exiled exiled
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
leads lead
landing landing
Golden Golden
Company Company
stormlands stormlands
sellswords sellswords
plot plot
place place
Aegon Aegon
VI VI
Targaryen Targaryen
throne throne
Kevan Kevan
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelle Pycelle
murdered murdered
Varys Varys
supporter supporter
Aegon Aegon
Red Red
Keep Keep
Inheritance Inheritance
customs custom
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
differ differ
inheritance inheritance
customs custom
rest rest
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Generally Generally
like like
elsewhere elsewhere
kingdom kingdom
malepreference malepreference
primogeniture primogeniture
customary customary
Aenys Aenys
eldest eldest
son son
King King
Aegon Aegon
first first
king king
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
considered considered
Aegons Aegons
clear clear
successor successor
birth birth
Aenyss Aenyss
first first
child child
Rhaena Rhaena
brought brought
forth forth
question question
stand stand
next next
line line
following following
Aenys Aenys
daughter daughter
Rhaena Rhaena
younger younger
brother brother
Maegor Maegor
birth birth
Aenyss Aenyss
son son
Aegon Aegon
settled settled
discussion discussion
succeed succeed
Aenys Aenys
although although
concluded concluded
whether whether
Rhaena Rhaena
Maegor Maegor
stood stood
earlier earlier
line line
succession succession
Aenys Aenys
died died
brother brother
Maegor Maegor
took took
throne throne
force force
ignoring ignoring
claim claim
Aenyss Aenyss
son son
Aegon Aegon
Following Following
Aegons Aegons
death death
wife wife
Rhaena Rhaena
feared feared
safety safety
eldest eldest
daughter daughter
Aerea Aerea
stood stood
Aegons Aegons
heir heir
laws law
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Aerea Aerea
eventually eventually
appointed appointed
Maegor Maegor
heir heir
would would
son son
However However
Maegor Maegor
Cruel Cruel
died died
childless childless
several several
claims claim
discussed discussed
surviving surviving
son son
late late
King King
Aenys Aenys
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryens Targaryens
claim claim
strong strong
However However
elder elder
brother brother
Aegon Aegon
claimed claimed
throne throne
considered considered
true true
king king
throne throne
pass pas
eldest eldest
child child
Aerea Aerea
even even
suggested suggested
claim claim
Princess Princess
Rhaena Rhaena
Aenys Aenys
eldest eldest
child child
strongest strongest
However However
Aerea Aerea
younger younger
twin twin
discounted discounted
account account
sex sex
young young
age age
Rhaena Rhaena
account account
sex sex
alone alone
result result
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
ascended ascended
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
named named
niece niece
Aerea Aerea
heir heir
well well
position position
held held
five five
years year
exception exception
three three
days day
AC AC
birth birth
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
AC AC
title title
heir heir
apparent apparent
given given
Prince Prince
Aemon Aemon
following following
birth birth
two two
years year
later later
upsetting upsetting
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
Aemon Aemon
remained remained
heir heir
throne throne
death death
battle battle
AC AC
Aemons Aemons
death death
caused caused
crisis crisis
succession succession
issue issue
daughter daughter
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Rhaenys Rhaenys
pregnant pregnant
upon upon
death death
father father
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
appointed appointed
Aemons Aemons
brother brother
Baelon Baelon
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Rhaenys Rhaenys
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
passed passed
also also
unborn unborn
son son
Upon Upon
Baelons Baelons
death death
AC AC
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
followed followed
advice advice
surviving surviving
son son
Vaegon Vaegon
called called
first first
Great Great
Council Council
fourteen fourteen
claims claim
considered considered
Nine Nine
lesser lesser
claims claim
dismissed dismissed
including including
man man
claiming claiming
descent descent
Lord Lord
Gaemon Gaemon
Targaryen Targaryen
daughter daughter
three three
bastard bastard
grandsons grandson
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
daughter daughter
Saera Saera
man man
claiming claiming
bastard bastard
son son
Maegor Maegor
hedge hedge
knight knight
claiming claiming
bastard bastard
son son
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Archmaester Archmaester
Vaegon Vaegon
Jaehaeryss Jaehaeryss
remaining remaining
son son
Princess Princess
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Targaryen Targaryen
Jaehaeryss Jaehaeryss
grandchild grandchild
eldest eldest
son son
Aemon Aemon
Laena Laena
Velaryon Velaryon
Rhaenyss Rhaenyss
eldest eldest
child child
two two
claims claim
remained remained
belonged belonged
Laenor Laenor
Velaryon Velaryon
Rhaenyss Rhaenyss
son son
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Baelon Baelon
Laenor Laenor
descended descended
king king
king king
’ ’
s s
eldest eldest
son son
primogeniture primogeniture
favored favored
proximity proximity
favored favored
Viserys Viserys
Viserys Viserys
king king
’ ’
s s
grandson grandson
Laenor Laenor
greatgrandson greatgrandson
Laenors Laenors
young young
age age
spoke spoke
however however
lords lord
present present
voted voted
Viserys Viserys
Laenor Laenor
twenty twenty
one one
Many Many
felt felt
male male
line line
preferred preferred
female female
line line
believed believed
decision decision
Great Great
Council Council
set set
precedent precedent
stating stating
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
could could
pass pas
woman woman
male male
descendants descendant
woman woman
Ironically Ironically
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
crowned crowned
king king
disregarded disregarded
precedents precedent
AC AC
naming naming
daughter daughter
remaining remaining
child child
time time
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
heir heir
Despite Despite
birth birth
three three
healthy healthy
sons son
second second
marriage marriage
years year
followed followed
Viserys Viserys
remained remained
intent intent
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
succeed succeed
Viseryss Viseryss
decision decision
would would
eventually eventually
lead lead
civil civil
war war
known known
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
eldest eldest
son son
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
claimed claimed
throne throne
ignoring ignoring
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
’ ’
s s
status status
heir heir
war war
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
sons son
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Maelor Maelor
died died
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
eldest eldest
three three
sons son
Jacaerys Jacaerys
Lucerys Lucerys
Joffrey Joffrey
Velaryon Velaryon
youngest youngest
son son
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
presumed presumed
dead dead
attempt attempt
end end
war war
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
ensured ensured
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
remaining remaining
heir heir
daughter daughter
Jaehaera Jaehaera
betrothed betrothed
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
son son
Aegon Aegon
Younger Younger
named named
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
heirs heir
Following Following
Aegon Aegon
II II
’ ’
s s
death death
Aegon Aegon
III III
crowned crowned
agnatic agnatic
principle principle
laid laid
Great Great
Council Council
AC AC
slightly slightly
modified modified
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Thereafter Thereafter
according according
semicanon semicanon
source source
women woman
came came
men men
Targaryen Targaryen
succession succession
ie ie
women woman
could could
succeed succeed
entire entire
male male
line line
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
became became
extinct extinct
Nonetheless Nonetheless
several several
females female
claims claim
since since
considered considered
AC AC
following following
deaths death
Aegon Aegon
IIIs IIIs
sons son
Daeron Daeron
Baelor Baelor
childless childless
claims claim
Aegons Aegons
three three
daughters daughter
considered considered
However However
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
still still
fresh fresh
minds mind
claims claim
three three
women woman
passed passed
Aegons Aegons
brother brother
Viserys Viserys
II II
ascended ascended
throne throne
Another Another
decades decade
later later
King King
Maekar Maekar
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
without without
clearly clearly
established established
heir heir
simpleminded simpleminded
granddaughter granddaughter
Vaella Vaella
Targaryen Targaryen
child child
Maekars Maekars
eldest eldest
son son
seen seen
possible possible
claimant claimant
However However
claim claim
quickly quickly
dismissed dismissed
AC AC
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
led led
death death
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sisterwife sisterwife
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
Targaryen Targaryen
pregnant pregnant
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aeryss Aeryss
surviving surviving
son son
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
declared declared
king king
island island
fortress fortress
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
however however
acceded acceded
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
right right
conquest conquest
chosen chosen
claimant claimant
rebels rebel
due due
Targaryen Targaryen
descent descent
grandson grandson
Princess Princess
Rhaelle Rhaelle
Targaryen Targaryen
youngest youngest
daughter daughter
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
gave gave
better better
claim claim
among among
rebels rebel
Nonetheless Nonetheless
exiled exiled
Viserys Viserys
declared declared
sister sister
Daenerys Daenerys
heir heir
naming naming
Princess Princess
Dragonstone Dragonstone
following following
Viseryss Viseryss
death death
Daenerys Daenerys
declared declared
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
following following
kings king
ruled ruled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
seat seat
fear fear
Stark Stark
keeping keeping
warm warm
friend friend
Robert Robert
comfortable comfortable
seat seat
Im Im
afraidHe afraidHe
spoke spoke
truly truly
monstrous monstrous
uncomfortable uncomfortable
chair chair
ways way
oneI oneI
swear swear
sitting sitting
throne throne
thousand thousand
times time
harder harder
winning winning
oneSeat oneSeat
Stannis Stannis
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
promise promise
realm realm
bleedWhen bleedWhen
dead dead
men men
come come
hunting hunting
night night
think think
matters matter
sits sits
Iron Iron
ThroneThey ThroneThey
keep keep
red red
castle castle
iron iron
chair chair
wellTell wellTell
right right
brother brother
Robert Robert
ever ever
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Oh Oh
talk talk
blood blood
ties tie
Baratheon Baratheon
Targaryen Targaryen
weddings wedding
hundred hundred
years year
past past
second second
sons son
elder elder
daughters daughter
one one
maesters maesters
care care
Robert Robert
throne throne
warhammerThis warhammerThis
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
speak speak
sounds sound
monstrous monstrous
cold cold
hard hard
can can
not not
bear bear
thought thought
jagged jagged
barbs barb
cutting cutting
sweet sweet
skinJorah skinJorah
Aegon Aegon
Dragon Dragon
stepped stepped
ashore ashore
Westeros Westeros
kings king
Vale Vale
Rock Rock
Reach Reach
rush rush
hand hand
crowns crown
mean mean
sit sit
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
must must
win win
steel steel
dragonfire dragonfire
mean mean
blood blood
hands hand
thing thing
done done
Daenerys Daenerys
blood blood
enemies enemy
shed shed
gladly gladly
blood blood
innocents innocent
another another
matterStannis matterStannis
ever ever
seen seen
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
barbs barb
along along
back back
ribbons ribbon
twisted twisted
steel steel
jagged jagged
ends end
swords sword
knives knife
tangled tangled
melted melted
comfortable comfortable
seat seat
ser ser
Aerys Aerys
cut cut
often often
men men
took took
calling calling
King King
Scab Scab
Maegor Maegor
Cruel Cruel
murdered murdered
chair chair
chair chair
hear hear
tell tell
seat seat
man man
rest rest
ease ease
Ofttimes Ofttimes
wonder wonder
brothers brother
wanted wanted
desperately desperately
Davos Davos
would would
want want
end end
Mad Mad
King King
become become
fearful fearful
would would
allow allow
blade blade
presence presence
save save
swords sword
Kingsguard Kingsguard
wore wore
beard beard
matted matted
unwashed unwashed
hair hair
silvergold silvergold
tangle tangle
reached reached
waist waist
fingernails fingernail
cracked cracked
yellow yellow
claws claw
nine nine
inches inch
long long
Yet Yet
still still
blades blade
tormented tormented
ones one
could could
never never
escape escape
blades blade
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
arms arm
legs leg
always always
covered covered
scabs scab
halfhealed halfhealed
cutsIf cutsIf
Daenerys Daenerys
sweet sweet
young young
girl girl
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
cut cut
sweet sweet
young young
piecesI piecesI
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
swords sword
allegianceGeorge allegianceGeorge
R R
R R
Martin Martin
intends intends
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
intimidating intimidating
interview interview
referenced referenced
Percy Percy
Bysshe Bysshe
Shelleys Shelleys
poem poem
Ozymandias Ozymandias
Look Look
works work
ye ye
Mighty Mighty
despair despair
Aenys Aenys
Targaryen Targaryen
Lord Lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
second second
Targaryen Targaryen
king king
sit sit
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
son son
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
younger younger
sisterwife sisterwife
Queen Queen
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Targaryen Targaryen
younger younger
halfbrother halfbrother
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
birth birth
Aenys Aenys
small small
spindly spindly
limbs limb
small small
watery watery
eyes eye
weak weak
sickly sickly
first first
years year
life life
slow slow
grow grow
given given
hatchling hatchling
Quicksilver Quicksilver
Aenys Aenys
began began
thrive thrive
Although Although
youth youth
adult adult
Aenys Aenys
tall tall
father father
yet yet
slender slender
weedy weedy
time time
fingers finger
long long
slim slim
lilac lilac
eyes eye
paler paler
fathers father
curly curly
hair hair
fell fell
shoulders shoulder
ringlets ringlet
also also
wore wore
silky silky
beard beard
mustache mustache
Aenys Aenys
dressed dressed
finest finest
silks silk
samites samite
velvets velvet
Aenys Aenys
kindhearted kindhearted
courteous courteous
charming charming
softspoken softspoken
man man
wished wished
loved loved
everyone everyone
always always
sought sought
please please
made made
indecisive indecisive
would would
dither dither
hesitate hesitate
decisions decision
fearing fearing
disappoint disappoint
someone someone
made made
friends friend
easily easily
also also
trusted trusted
everyone everyone
allowed allowed
easily easily
influenced influenced
dreamer dreamer
delighted delighted
music music
dance dance
much much
became became
patron patron
singers singer
mummers mummer
mimes mime
good good
singer singer
strong strong
sweet sweet
voice voice
charming charming
man man
young young
girls girl
doted doted
diligent diligent
student student
lack lack
courage courage
Aenys Aenys
adequate adequate
fighter fighter
However However
warrior warrior
lacked lacked
fathers father
strength strength
Training Training
battle battle
eventually eventually
lost lost
every every
appeal appeal
Instead Instead
preferred preferred
companionship companionship
maesters maesters
septons septons
dabbled dabbled
alchemy alchemy
astronomy astronomy
astrology astrology
Aenys Aenys
clever clever
man man
though though
could could
considered considered
bookish bookish
also also
loved loved
ride ride
given given
coursers courser
palfreys palfrey
destriers destriers
However However
favorite favorite
mount mount
always always
dragon dragon
Quicksilver Quicksilver
Aenys Aenys
born born
Dragonstone Dragonstone
AC AC
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Targaryen Targaryen
weak weak
sickly sickly
birth birth
cried cried
time time
refused refused
nurse nurse
wet wet
nurses nurse
would would
nurse nurse
mothers mother
breast breast
unlike unlike
king king
rumored rumored
boy boy
could could
son son
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
peerless peerless
warrior warrior
perhaps perhaps
father father
one one
singers singer
mummers mummer
Rhaenys Rhaenys
delighted delighted
Aenys Aenys
three three
years year
old old
mother mother
died died
Dorne Dorne
Always Always
weak weak
sickly sickly
death death
mother mother
shattered shattered
went went
back back
crawling crawling
around around
baby baby
However However
Aenys Aenys
given given
hatchling hatchling
dragon dragon
Quicksilver Quicksilver
condition condition
quickly quickly
improved improved
dragon dragon
grew grew
Aenys Aenys
rumors rumor
Aegons Aegons
son son
ended ended
time time
Aenys Aenys
five five
years year
older older
halfbrother halfbrother
Maegor Maegor
close close
Maegor Maegor
growing growing
Aenys Aenys
kept kept
fathers father
side side
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Visenya Visenya
Maegor Maegor
lived lived
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aenys Aenys
trained trained
fathers father
Kingsguard Kingsguard
although although
adequate adequate
fighter fighter
lacked lacked
fathers father
size size
strength strength
time time
time time
Aegon Aegon
would would
let let
practice practice
Valyrian Valyrian
steel steel
sword sword
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Aenys Aenys
married married
Alyssa Alyssa
Velaryon Velaryon
AC AC
marriage marriage
political political
match match
Together Together
six six
children child
three three
sons son
Aegon Aegon
Viserys Viserys
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
three three
daughters daughter
Rhaena Rhaena
Alysanne Alysanne
Vaella Vaella
accounts account
Aenys Aenys
good good
loving loving
relationship relationship
wife wife
children child
Aenys Aenys
accompanied accompanied
father father
Sunspear Sunspear
celebrate celebrate
tenth tenth
anniversary anniversary
peace peace
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Dorne Dorne
King King
Aegon Aegon
turned turned
sixty sixty
Aenys Aenys
took took
royal royal
progresses progress
together together
wife wife
Alyssa Alyssa
AC AC
King King
Aegon Aegon
died died
stroke stroke
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aenys Aenys
Highgarden Highgarden
swiftly swiftly
flew flew
Quicksilver Quicksilver
Dragonstone Dragonstone
funeral funeral
coronation coronation
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Gawen Gawen
Maegor Maegor
spoken spoken
eulogy eulogy
father father
Aegon Aegon
cremated cremated
Aenys Aenys
gifted gifted
brother brother
sword sword
Blackfyre Blackfyre
admitting admitting
Maegor Maegor
fit fit
wield wield
blade blade
Aenys Aenys
asked asked
Maegor Maegor
wield wield
sword sword
service service
told told
brother brother
would would
rule rule
together together
Aegons Aegons
funeral funeral
Aenys Aenys
traveled traveled
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
claimed claimed
fathers father
throne throne
amidst amidst
rubble rubble
mud mud
torndown torndown
Aegonfort Aegonfort
foundations foundation
Red Red
Keep Keep
cheered cheered
many many
conflicting conflicting
written written
accounts account
coronation coronation
maesters maesters
According According
Archmaester Archmaester
Gyldayn Gyldayn
Aenys Aenys
crowned crowned
fathers father
circlet circlet
Valyrian Valyrian
steel steel
rubies ruby
Dragonstone Dragonstone
later later
traveled traveled
wife wife
children child
Oldtown Oldtown
way way
Riverrun Riverrun
Lannisport Lannisport
Highgarden Highgarden
presented presented
High High
Septon Septon
Starry Starry
Sept Sept
crown crown
yellow yellow
gold gold
faces face
Seven Seven
inlaid inlaid
jade jade
pearl pearl
However However
according according
Maester Maester
Yandel Yandel
Aenys Aenys
crowned crowned
ceremony ceremony
Red Red
Keep Keep
ornate ornate
golden golden
crown crown
Aenys Aenys
received received
blessings blessing
Faith Faith
Nonetheless Nonetheless
people people
cast cast
doubt doubt
ability ability
rule rule
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
voiced voiced
similar similar
opinion opinion
claiming claiming
giving giving
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Maegor Maegor
Aenys Aenys
admitted admitted
lacked lacked
strength strength
rule rule
Within Within
first first
year year
reign reign
uprisings uprising
led led
four four
rebels rebel
rose rose
throughout throughout
realm realm
first first
occurred occurred
riverlands riverlands
bandit bandit
outlaw outlaw
known known
Red Red
Harren Harren
claimed claimed
grandson grandson
Harren Harren
Black Black
Harren Harren
men men
seized seized
Harrenhal Harrenhal
killed killed
Lord Lord
Gargon Gargon
Qoherys Qoherys
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
man man
claiming claiming
priestking priestking
Lodos Lodos
began began
gather gather
followers follower
Dornish Dornish
marches march
Vulture Vulture
King King
began began
gather gather
army army
Dornishmen Dornishmen
wished wished
avenge avenge
destruction destruction
visited visited
upon upon
Dorne Dorne
First First
Dornish Dornish
War War
Finally Finally
Vale Vale
Lord Lord
Ronnel Ronnel
Arryn Arryn
taken taken
captive captive
brother brother
Jonos Jonos
Arryn Arryn
Convinced Convinced
smallfolk smallfolk
loved loved
Aenys Aenys
understand understand
people people
felt felt
need need
rebel rebel
considered considered
sending sending
messengers messenger
four four
rebels rebel
learn learn
rebelled rebelled
Aenys Aenys
unable unable
decide decide
best best
handle handle
rebels rebel
lords lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
took took
matters matter
hands hand
Lord Lord
Allard Allard
Royce Royce
gathered gathered
forces force
penned penned
Jonos Jonos
Eyrie Eyrie
Prince Prince
Maegor Maegor
flew flew
Eyrie Eyrie
Balerion Balerion
resolve resolve
situation situation
Lord Lord
Goren Goren
Greyjoy Greyjoy
sent sent
fleet fleet
Old Old
Wyk Wyk
Great Great
Wyk Wyk
thousands thousand
followers follower
priestking priestking
Lodos Lodos
massacred massacred
Lodos Lodos
slain slain
well well
pickled pickled
head head
sent sent
King King
Aenys Aenys
jar jar
largest largest
threats threat
Vulture Vulture
King King
mostly mostly
ignored ignored
Princess Princess
Deria Deria
Martell Martell
although although
assured assured
Aenys Aenys
everything everything
could could
put put
rebellion rebellion
Eventually Eventually
marcher marcher
lords lord
resolved resolved
situation situation
defeating defeating
followers follower
Vulture Vulture
King King
capturing capturing
Vulture Vulture
King King
conclusion conclusion
Vulture Vulture
Hunt Hunt
Red Red
Harren Harren
lasted lasted
longest longest
rebels rebel
eventually eventually
defeated defeated
Aenys Aenys
sent sent
Hand Hand
King King
Lord Lord
Alyn Alyn
Stokeworth Stokeworth
hunt hunt
Harren Harren
hundred hundred
men men
Harren Harren
eventually eventually
killed killed
Lord Lord
Alyns Alyns
squire squire
Bernarr Bernarr
Brune Brune
insurrections insurrection
finally finally
ended ended
Aenys Aenys
rewarded rewarded
lords lord
knights knight
led led
forces force
rebels rebel
gold gold
titles title
lands land
Bernarr Bernarr
Brune Brune
personally personally
knighted knighted
Aenys Aenys
reward reward
service service
Aenys Aenys
granted granted
Goren Goren
Greyjoy Greyjoy
boon boon
might might
desire desire
show show
gratitude gratitude
decision decision
Aenys Aenys
would would
later later
regret regret
Goren Goren
required required
allowed allowed
expel expel
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
much much
Faiths Faiths
fury fury
Lord Lord
Alyn Alyn
Stokeworth Stokeworth
killed killed
Red Red
Harren Harren
Aenys Aenys
named named
brother brother
Maegor Maegor
new new
Hand Hand
King King
Despite Despite
differences difference
brothers brother
ruled ruled
together together
amicably amicably
two two
years year
AC AC
shortly shortly
birth birth
Aenyss Aenyss
sixth sixth
child child
Vaella Vaella
died died
cradle cradle
new new
crisis crisis
arose arose
Prince Prince
Maegor Maegor
announced announced
wife wife
barren barren
thus thus
taken taken
second second
wife wife
Aenys Aenys
Maegor Maegor
quarreled quarreled
bitterly bitterly
polygamous polygamous
marriage marriage
High High
Septon Septon
denounced denounced
marriage marriage
many many
pious pious
lords lord
realm realm
similarly similarly
condemned condemned
Feeling Feeling
option option
furious furious
Aenys Aenys
gave gave
brother brother
choice choice
either either
set set
Alys Alys
Harroway Harroway
aside aside
go go
exile exile
five five
years year
Maegor Maegor
chose chose
latter latter
option option
left left
Pentos Pentos
AC AC
Alys Alys
Balerion Balerion
Aenys Aenys
requested requested
brother brother
return return
Blackfyre Blackfyre
left left
Maegor Maegor
refused refused
attempt attempt
placate placate
Faith Faith
Aenys Aenys
named named
Septon Septon
Murmison Murmison
new new
Hand Hand
King King
However However
High High
Septon Septon
continued continued
voice voice
discontent discontent
lords lord
Westeros Westeros
began began
call call
Aenys Aenys
weak weak
consider consider
incapable incapable
ruling ruling
Aenys Aenys
oblivious oblivious
criticisms criticism
AC AC
Aenys Aenys
announced announced
eldest eldest
daughter daughter
Princess Princess
Rhaena Rhaena
would would
wed wed
eldest eldest
son son
heir heir
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
negative negative
reactions reaction
announcement announcement
took took
Aenys Aenys
surprise surprise
Faith Faith
condemned condemned
planned planned
incestuous incestuous
marriage marriage
obscenity obscenity
Aenys Aenys
though though
normally normally
indecisive indecisive
decided decided
stand stand
decision decision
time time
went went
ahead ahead
wedding wedding
day day
wedding wedding
Warriors Warriors
Sons Sons
scowled scowled
made made
note note
guests guest
entered entered
Sept Sept
Remembrance Remembrance
feast feast
followed followed
ceremony ceremony
Aenys Aenys
named named
Aegon Aegon
Prince Prince
Dragonstone Dragonstone
title title
previously previously
belonged belonged
brother brother
Maegor Maegor
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
left left
feast feast
protest protest
Aenys Aenys
decided decided
send send
Aegon Aegon
Rhaena Rhaena
royal royal
progress progress
throughout throughout
realm realm
win win
love love
people people
remembering remembering
cheers cheer
smallfolk smallfolk
made made
progresses progress
refused refused
Rhaena Rhaena
requested requested
bring bring
dragon dragon
Dreamfyre Dreamfyre
wanting wanting
son son
Aegon Aegon
seem seem
unmanly unmanly
riding riding
palfrey palfrey
wife wife
rode rode
dragonback dragonback
However However
Rhaena Rhaena
Aegon Aegon
jeered jeered
wherever wherever
went went
performed performed
wedding wedding
ceremony ceremony
Septon Septon
Murmison Murmison
expelled expelled
Faith Faith
Aenys Aenys
asked asked
High High
Septon Septon
restore restore
Murmison Murmison
explaining explaining
long long
history history
Valyrian Valyrian
marriage marriage
customs custom
practiced practiced
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
received received
denunciation denunciation
response response
addressed addressed
King King
Abomination Abomination
pious pious
lords lord
realm realm
even even
smallfolk smallfolk
loved loved
Aenys Aenys
turned turned
High High
Septon Septon
declared declared
Aenys Aenys
pretender pretender
tyrant tyrant
right right
rule rule
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Faithful Faithful
responded responded
Within Within
fortnight fortnight
Septon Septon
Murmison Murmison
hacked hacked
pieces piece
signaling signaling
start start
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
uprising uprising
Warriors Warriors
Sons Sons
fortified fortified
Sept Sept
Remembrance Remembrance
Rhaenyss Rhaenyss
Hill Hill
Aenys Aenys
decided decided
leave leave
Dragonstone Dragonstone
family family
Three Three
days day
set set
sail sail
Ser Ser
Raymont Raymont
Baratheon Baratheon
Kingsguard Kingsguard
saved saved
Aenyss Aenyss
life life
two two
Poor Poor
Fellows Fellows
scaled scaled
walls wall
kings king
manse manse
upon upon
Visenyas Visenyas
Hill Hill
slipped slipped
royal royal
apartments apartment
attempt attempt
murder murder
king king
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
counseled counseled
bring bring
fire fire
blood blood
Starry Starry
Sept Sept
Sept Sept
Remembrance Remembrance
Aenys Aenys
refused refused
time time
incapable incapable
deciding deciding
act act
instead instead
Eventually Eventually
king king
fell fell
ill ill
late late
AC AC
realm realm
turned turned
Thousands Thousands
Poor Poor
Fellows Fellows
prowled prowled
roads road
threatening threatening
slaying slaying
kings king
supporters supporter
dozens dozen
lords lord
took took
arms arm
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
According According
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Gawen Gawen
Aenys Aenys
looked looked
like like
man man
sixty sixty
even even
though though
thirtyfive thirtyfive
years year
old old
maester maester
despaired despaired
improving improving
condition condition
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
took took
care care
Aenys Aenys
briefly briefly
improved improved
suffered suffered
collapse collapse
upon upon
learning learning
eldest eldest
son son
daughter daughter
besieged besieged
Crakehall Crakehall
yearly yearly
progress progress
Aenys Aenys
died died
AC AC
ruling ruling
five five
years year
age age
thirtyfive thirtyfive
cremated cremated
Dragonstone Dragonstone
widow widow
Alyssa Alyssa
Velaryon Velaryon
singing singing
dirge dirge
Years Years
later later
people people
suggested suggested
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
responsible responsible
Aenyss Aenyss
sudden sudden
death death
cited cited
Visenyas Visenyas
preference preference
son son
Maegor Maegor
ambition ambition
seat seat
upon upon
throne throne
fact fact
took took
care care
sick sick
Aenys Aenys
apparently apparently
disgusted disgusted
reasons reason
Due Due
Visenyas Visenyas
actions action
Aenys Aenys
death death
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
passed passed
Aenyss Aenyss
halfbrother halfbrother
Maegor Maegor
instead instead
Aenyss Aenyss
eldest eldest
son son
Aegon Aegon
reign reign
King King
Aenys Aenys
small small
council council
following following
known known
members member
king king
easily easily
influenced influenced
swaying swaying
way way
like like
reed reed
wind wind
like like
heed heed
whichever whichever
councillor councillor
last last
earHow earHow
rule rule
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
can can
not not
rule rule
brotherYou brotherYou
fool fool
weakling weakling
nephew nephew
think think
man man
would would
ever ever
dared dared
speak speak
father father
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
also also
known known
Daenerys Daenerys
Stormborn Stormborn
one one
last last
confirmed confirmed
members member
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
along along
older older
brother brother
Viserys Viserys
refers refers
Dany Dany
youngest youngest
child child
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sisterwife sisterwife
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
one one
major major
POV POV
characters character
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Daenerys Daenerys
played played
Emilia Emilia
Clarke Clarke
young young
woman woman
early early
teens teen
Daenerys Daenerys
classical classical
Valyrian Valyrian
look look
violet violet
eyes eye
pale pale
skin skin
long long
pale pale
silvergold silvergold
hair hair
Daenerys Daenerys
slender slender
frame frame
small small
breasts breast
said said
resemble resemble
Queen Queen
Naerys Naerys
Targaryen Targaryen
though though
Daenerys Daenerys
taller taller
Daenerys Daenerys
described described
fair fair
beautiful beautiful
Beside Beside
Common Common
Tongue Tongue
Daenerys Daenerys
speaks speaks
bastard bastard
Valyrian Valyrian
Free Free
Cities Cities
Tyroshi Tyroshi
accent accent
High High
Valyrian Valyrian
quickly quickly
learns learns
Dothraki Dothraki
language language
Ghiscari Ghiscari
tongue tongue
Daenerys Daenerys
grew grew
terrified terrified
abused abused
brother brother
Viserys Viserys
regarded regarded
fearful fearful
furtive furtive
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
grows grows
confident confident
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
however however
followers follower
generally generally
regard regard
great great
respect respect
love love
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
compared compared
deceased deceased
brother brother
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
valiant valiant
honorable honorable
noble noble
still still
fondly fondly
remembered remembered
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
raised raised
exile exile
never never
staying staying
long long
one one
place place
Daenerys Daenerys
never never
truly truly
known known
place place
call call
home home
Though Though
describes describes
fragrance fragrance
Western Western
Market Market
Vaes Vaes
Dothrak Dothrak
smelling smelling
home home
fact fact
remind remind
days day
spent spent
several several
Free Free
Cities Cities
small small
child child
Among Among
Dothraki Dothraki
feels feel
safe safe
loved loved
hopeful hopeful
first first
time time
house house
red red
door door
Braavos Braavos
lived lived
five five
years year
old old
come come
symbolize symbolize
lost lost
childhood childhood
frequently frequently
wishes wish
return return
Though Though
never never
seen seen
Westeros Westeros
can can
not not
remember remember
Dragonstone Dragonstone
believes belief
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
rights right
Viseryss Viseryss
heir heir
ruling ruling
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
duty duty
Daenerys Daenerys
abhors abhors
slavery slavery
willing willing
put put
needs need
people people
desires desire
Daenerys Daenerys
loves love
sea sea
makes make
feel feel
free free
well well
sailors sailor
songs song
stories story
also also
loves love
read read
childrens childrens
stories story
songs song
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
hall hall
handsome handsome
heroes hero
enjoys enjoys
heat heat
preferring preferring
baths bath
scalding scalding
hot hot
Descending Descending
dragonlords dragonlords
Daenerys Daenerys
dreams dream
dragons dragon
Though Though
Daenerys Daenerys
familiar familiar
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
believes belief
existence existence
gods god
appear appear
follow follow
particular particular
faith faith
Daenerys Daenerys
sometimes sometimes
dresses dress
Dothraki Dothraki
garb garb
painted painted
vest vest
riding riding
leathers leather
going going
barefoot barefoot
hair hair
oiled oiled
skin skin
sunbrowned sunbrowned
Dothraki Dothraki
attire attire
includes includes
silk silk
horsehair horsehair
pants pant
woven woven
grass grass
sandals sandal
medallion medallion
belt belt
painted painted
vest vest
often often
wears wear
silver silver
bells bell
braided braided
hair hair
per per
Dothraki Dothraki
custom custom
one one
victories victory
Daenerys Daenerys
also also
owns owns
Qartheen Qartheen
gown gown
leaves leaf
one one
breast breast
bare bare
several several
Ghiscari Ghiscari
tokars tokars
mustysmelling mustysmelling
hrakkar hrakkar
cloak cloak
Daenerys Daenerys
youngest youngest
child child
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sisterwife sisterwife
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
Daenerys Daenerys
conceived conceived
last last
month month
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
war war
ended ended
House House
Targaryens Targaryens
reign reign
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Shortly Shortly
thereafter thereafter
mother mother
sent sent
young young
prince prince
Viserys Viserys
family family
ancestral ancestral
seat seat
Dragonstone Dragonstone
escape escape
rebel rebel
army army
marching marching
towards towards
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Daenerys Daenerys
born born
nine nine
months month
flight flight
great great
storm storm
raged raged
Dragonstone Dragonstone
sinking sinking
remained remained
Targaryen Targaryen
fleet fleet
reason reason
known known
Daenerys Daenerys
Stormborn Stormborn
mother mother
died died
labor labor
naming naming
war war
lost lost
shortly shortly
Rhaella Rhaella
fled fled
city city
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
claimed claimed
throne throne
Aerys Aerys
eldest eldest
son son
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Rhaegars Rhaegars
young young
children child
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Aegon Aegon
dead dead
Daenerys Daenerys
older older
brother brother
Viserys Viserys
known known
living living
Targaryen Targaryen
heirs heir
Viserys Viserys
crowned crowned
king king
Dragonstone Dragonstone
mother mother
death death
Daenerys Daenerys
received received
title title
Princess Princess
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Viseryss Viseryss
heir heir
Roberts Roberts
brother brother
Stannis Stannis
built built
new new
fleet fleet
Baratheons Baratheons
planning planning
assault assault
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Targaryen Targaryen
fleet fleet
destroyed destroyed
storm storm
Daenerys Daenerys
born born
garrison garrison
Dragonstone Dragonstone
planned planned
sell sell
Targaryen Targaryen
children child
Robert Robert
However However
could could
act act
plan plan
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
several several
loyal loyal
retainers retainer
rescued rescued
children child
smuggled smuggled
exile exile
sailing sailing
Free Free
City City
Braavos Braavos
lived lived
years year
house house
red red
door door
Daenerys Daenerys
room room
lemon lemon
tree tree
underneath underneath
window window
Willem Willem
old old
sickly sickly
Daenerys Daenerys
remembers remembers
always always
treated treated
kindly kindly
Daenerys Daenerys
five five
years year
old old
Willem Willem
fell fell
sick sick
slowly slowly
wasted wasted
away away
death death
servants servant
hired hired
stole stole
could could
young young
Targaryens Targaryens
put put
house house
forced forced
Daenerys Daenerys
wept wept
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
left left
Braavos Braavos
wandered wandered
Free Free
Cities Cities
years year
visited visited
nearly nearly
Free Free
Cities Cities
including including
Myr Myr
Tyrosh Tyrosh
Qohor Qohor
Volantis Volantis
Lys Lys
returned returned
Braavos Braavos
least least
first first
welcomed welcomed
magisters magisters
archons archons
merchant merchant
princes prince
time time
interests interest
last last
Targaryens Targaryens
decreased decreased
Daenerys Daenerys
Viserys Viserys
sell sell
last last
treasures treasure
eventually eventually
mothers mother
crown crown
Selling Selling
mothers mother
crown crown
took took
last last
Viseryss Viseryss
joy joy
leaving leaving
rage rage
Daenerys Daenerys
remembers remembers
Viserys Viserys
feasted feasted
Golden Golden
Company Company
hoping hoping
would would
take take
cause cause
avail avail
Considering Considering
rightful rightful
ruler ruler
Viserys Viserys
grew grew
bitter bitter
obsessed obsessed
birthright birthright
denied denied
Daenerys Daenerys
frequent frequent
target target
frustrations frustration
never never
forgiven forgiven
mothers mother
death death
childbirth childbirth
frequently frequently
warned warned
wake wake
dragon dragon
angering angering
Daenerys Daenerys
Viserys Viserys
way way
Braavos Braavos
ship ship
Daenerys Daenerys
expressed expressed
brother brother
fine fine
would would
sailor sailor
Angry Angry
Viserys Viserys
twisted twisted
hair hair
cried cried
Viserys Viserys
often often
told told
line line
must must
kept kept
pure pure
Daenerys Daenerys
grown grown
always always
believing believing
would would
marry marry
Viserys Viserys
came came
age age
Though Though
Viseryss Viseryss
growing growing
bitterness bitterness
made made
relationship relationship
troubled troubled
Daenerys Daenerys
also also
fond fond
memories memory
brother brother
times time
yet yet
angry angry
let let
crawl crawl
bed bed
told told
stories story
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
family family
history history
dragons dragon
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Almost Almost
everything everything
Daenerys Daenerys
knew knew
Westeros Westeros
learned learned
Viserys Viserys
making making
feel feel
knew knew
like like
without without
ever ever
Viserys Viserys
intent intent
reclaiming reclaiming
fathers father
throne throne
promised promised
Daenerys Daenerys
thousand thousand
times time
would would
take take
back back
Westeros Westeros
lives life
would would
much much
better better
Viserys Viserys
also also
told told
siege siege
towers tower
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
AC AC
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
taken taken
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
Free Free
City City
Pentos Pentos
offered offered
help help
reclaiming reclaiming
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Viserys Viserys
lived lived
Illyrio Illyrio
almost almost
half half
year year
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
arranges arranges
marriage marriage
powerful powerful
Dothraki Dothraki
Khal Khal
Drogo Drogo
Daenerys Daenerys
return return
promise promise
army army
Viserys Viserys
conquer conquer
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Though Though
Daenerys Daenerys
want want
marriage marriage
Viserys Viserys
insistent insistent
Daenerys Daenerys
Drogo Drogo
wed wed
outside outside
walls wall
Pentos Pentos
wedding wedding
Daenerys Daenerys
receives receives
multiple multiple
bride bride
gifts gift
including including
three three
petrified petrified
dragon dragon
eggs egg
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
three three
handmaidens handmaiden
Irri Irri
Jhiqui Jhiqui
Doreah Doreah
brother brother
magnificent magnificent
silver silver
filly filly
Drogo Drogo
frightened frightened
seemingly seemingly
barbaric barbaric
Dothraki Dothraki
culture culture
absolutely absolutely
way way
communicating communicating
Drogo Drogo
speak speak
others others
languages language
wedding wedding
ceremony ceremony
Drogo Drogo
leads lead
Daenerys Daenerys
away away
khalasar khalasar
consummate consummate
marriage marriage
Daenerys Daenerys
terrified terrified
Drogo Drogo
proves prof
surprisingly surprisingly
tender tender
considerate considerate
lets let
Daenerys Daenerys
know know
understands understands
one one
word word
tongue tongue
touches touch
gently gently
gradually gradually
gives give
consent consent
sex sex
day day
wedding wedding
khalasar khalasar
leaves leaf
Pentos Pentos
Although Although
accompanied accompanied
Viserys Viserys
exiled exiled
knight knight
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
sworn sworn
sword sword
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
feels feel
lonely lonely
entire entire
body body
hurts hurt
spending spending
days day
horseback horseback
nights night
Drogo Drogo
night night
Daenerys Daenerys
decides decides
can can
not not
go go
anymore anymore
dreams dream
black black
dragon dragon
flames flame
dragon dragon
cleanse cleanse
make make
feel feel
strong strong
new new
fierce fierce
night night
onwards onwards
life life
among among
Dothraki Dothraki
begins begin
come come
easily easily
begins begin
enjoy enjoy
surroundings surroundings
grows grows
confident confident
also also
dares dare
first first
time time
ever ever
fight fight
back back
Viserys Viserys
attacks attack
rage rage
shoves shove
away away
realizes realizes
Viserys Viserys
pitiful pitiful
thing thing
would would
make make
terrible terrible
king king
discusses discus
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
shocked shocked
learn learn
badly badly
Jorah Jorah
thinks think
Viserys Viserys
Drogo Drogo
arrives arrives
tent tent
night night
take take
pleasure pleasure
Daenerys Daenerys
leads lead
outside outside
Dothraki Dothraki
believe believe
everything everything
importance importance
happens happens
must must
done done
beneath beneath
bare bare
sky sky
Daenerys Daenerys
initiates initiate
sex sex
Drogo Drogo
newfound newfound
confidence confidence
strength strength
mark mark
beginning beginning
loving loving
relationship relationship
khalasar khalasar
travels travel
Vaes Vaes
Dothrak Dothrak
pass pas
Ghoyan Ghoyan
Drohe Drohe
Norvos Norvos
Qohor Qohor
Vaes Vaes
Khadokh Khadokh
southern southern
Sarnor Sarnor
far far
end end
Dothraki Dothraki
sea sea
fourteenth fourteenth
nameday nameday
Daenerys Daenerys
reveals reveals
pregnant pregnant
khalasar khalasar
arrives arrives
Vaes Vaes
Dothrak Dothrak
Mormont Mormont
informs informs
Daenerys Daenerys
chances chance
Dothraki Dothraki
would would
Westerosi Westerosi
armies army
evening evening
Daenerys Daenerys
Viserys Viserys
argue argue
grabs grab
hits hit
belt belt
orders order
leave leave
Westeros Westeros
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
learned learned
Daeneryss Daeneryss
marriage marriage
Drogo Drogo
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
employment employment
Lord Lord
Varys Varys
Roberts Roberts
master master
whisperers whisperer
Though Though
Hand Hand
King King
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
protests protest
notion notion
killing killing
Daenerys Daenerys
calling calling
innocent innocent
child child
Robert Robert
nonetheless nonetheless
fears fear
Daenerys Daenerys
soon soon
start start
breeding breeding
dragonspawn dragonspawn
Viserys Viserys
cross cross
narrow narrow
sea sea
horde horde
Dothraki Dothraki
Eddard Eddard
convinces convinces
Dothraki Dothraki
likely likely
cross cross
easily easily
defeat defeat
matter matter
laid laid
rest rest
brought brought
report report
Jorah Jorah
arrives arrives
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
informing informing
small small
council council
Daenerys Daenerys
pregnant pregnant
Robert Robert
wants want
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
child child
killed killed
Eddard Eddard
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
protest protest
rest rest
council council
agrees agrees
Robert Robert
end end
decided decided
Varys Varys
quietly quietly
let let
become become
known known
whoever whoever
kills kill
Daenerys Daenerys
child child
Viserys Viserys
given given
lordship lordship
Vaes Vaes
Dothrak Dothrak
Daenerys Daenerys
presented presented
dosh dosh
khaleen khaleen
takes take
part part
ceremony ceremony
unborn unborn
child child
eats eats
raw raw
stallion stallion
heart heart
dosh dosh
khaleen khaleen
predict predict
Daenerys Daenerys
son son
stallion stallion
mounts mount
world world
longprophesied longprophesied
leader leader
destined destined
unite unite
Dothraki Dothraki
single single
khalasar khalasar
conquer conquer
world world
Daenerys Daenerys
chooses chooses
name name
Rhaego Rhaego
son son
eldest eldest
brother brother
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Following Following
ceremony ceremony
feast feast
Mormont Mormont
tells tell
Daenerys Daenerys
Viserys Viserys
planned planned
steal steal
sell sell
dragon dragon
eggs egg
prevented prevented
drunk drunk
Viserys Viserys
arrives arrives
late late
feast feast
grown grown
increasingly increasingly
impatient impatient
Drogo Drogo
give give
army army
crown crown
Viserys Viserys
arrives arrives
carrying carrying
blade blade
forbidden forbidden
Vaes Vaes
Dothrak Dothrak
threatens threatens
Daenerys Daenerys
unborn unborn
child child
Daenerys Daenerys
translates translates
Drogo Drogo
tells tell
Viserys Viserys
give give
crown crown
bloodriders bloodriders
take take
hold hold
Viserys Viserys
Drogo Drogo
melts melt
golden golden
medallions medallion
belt belt
pours pours
molten molten
gold gold
Viseryss Viseryss
head head
giving giving
golden golden
crown crown
Daenerys Daenerys
calmly calmly
watches watch
Viserys Viserys
pleads pleads
dies dy
screaming screaming
last last
remaining remaining
Targaryen Targaryen
Daenerys Daenerys
believes belief
familys family
throne throne
conquered conquered
unborn unborn
son son
attempts attempt
persuade persuade
Drogo Drogo
invade invade
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
However However
Drogo Drogo
interest interest
Daenerys Daenerys
rescued rescued
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
drinking drinking
poisoned poisoned
wine wine
Western Western
Market Market
Vaes Vaes
Dothrak Dothrak
learn learn
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
promised promised
lordship lordship
lands land
whoever whoever
kills kill
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
child child
Furious Furious
Drogo Drogo
vows vow
conquer conquer
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
son son
Drogo Drogo
leads lead
khalasar khalasar
south south
planning planning
take take
captives captive
sell sell
cities city
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
exchange exchange
ships ship
encounters encounter
Lhazareen Lhazareen
town town
attack attack
khalasar khalasar
Khal Khal
Ogo Ogo
battle battle
Drogo Drogo
victorious victorious
Though Though
Ogos Ogos
riders rider
fled fled
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
estimates estimate
ten ten
thousand thousand
captives captive
Daenerys Daenerys
disgusted disgusted
disturbed disturbed
sight sight
Dothraki Dothraki
raping raping
women woman
eventually eventually
orders order
every every
rape rape
sees see
stopped stopped
claiming claiming
women woman
slaves slave
protect protect
Though Though
angers anger
Drogos Drogos
riders rider
Daenerys Daenerys
refuses refuse
give give
back back
Drogo Drogo
pleased pleased
Daeneryss Daeneryss
boldness boldness
allows allows
keep keep
slaves slave
Drogo Drogo
injured injured
healers healer
occupied occupied
elsewhere elsewhere
Daenerys Daenerys
insists insists
Drogos Drogos
cuts cut
seen seen
immediately immediately
Lhazareen Lhazareen
godswife godswife
Mirri Mirri
Maz Maz
Duur Duur
offers offer
service service
Drogos Drogos
bloodriders bloodriders
call call
woman woman
maegi maegi
Drogo Drogo
agrees agrees
accompany accompany
Mirri Mirri
inside inside
temple temple
supported supported
Daenerys Daenerys
Mirri Mirri
tends tends
wounds wound
Afterwards Afterwards
Daenerys Daenerys
asks asks
Mirri Mirri
midwife midwife
goes go
labor labor
Mirris Mirris
poultice poultice
itches itch
burns burn
Drogo Drogo
eventually eventually
tears tear
replacing replacing
mud mud
plaster plaster
However However
wound wound
festers fester
grows grows
weaker weaker
weaker weaker
falls fall
horse horse
Daenerys Daenerys
realizes realizes
danger danger
khal khal
can can
not not
ride ride
can can
not not
rule rule
according according
Dothraki Dothraki
Daenerys Daenerys
orders order
Drogos Drogos
bloodriders bloodriders
make make
camp camp
pretend pretend
command command
came came
Drogo Drogo
also also
orders order
Mirri Mirri
Maz Maz
Duur Duur
brought brought
Though Though
Qotho Qotho
protests protest
every every
order order
gives give
leaves leaf
fetch fetch
Mirri Mirri
Daenerys Daenerys
Drogo Drogo
brought brought
tent tent
learns learns
rumors rumor
Drogos Drogos
fall fall
spreading spreading
camp camp
Jorah Jorah
arrives arrives
Daenerys Daenerys
begs begs
Jorah Jorah
help help
Drogo Drogo
alone alone
Jorah Jorah
removes remove
mud mud
plaster plaster
Drogos Drogos
wound wound
concluding concluding
Drogo Drogo
good good
dead dead
urges urge
flee flee
power power
struggle struggle
among among
kos ko
follow follow
Drogos Drogos
death death
victor victor
likely likely
kill kill
Rhaego Rhaego
Daenerys Daenerys
forced forced
join join
dosh dosh
khaleen khaleen
Daenerys Daenerys
refuses refuse
leave leave
Drogo Drogo
protects protects
Mirri Mirri
Qotho Qotho
Haggo Haggo
sends sends
Jorah Jorah
go go
fetch fetch
armor armor
case case
trouble trouble
Daenerys Daenerys
asks asks
Mirri Mirri
heal heal
Drogo Drogo
using using
blood blood
magic magic
Mirri Mirri
warns warns
claim claim
death death
would would
cleaner cleaner
death death
may may
pay pay
life life
though though
reassures reassures
Daenerys Daenerys
life life
payment payment
part part
ritual ritual
Drogo Drogo
placed placed
bath bath
horse horse
slain slain
blood blood
mix mix
water water
tub tub
Daenerys Daenerys
told told
prevent prevent
anyone anyone
entering entering
tent tent
ritual ritual
Mirri Mirri
sings sings
spells spell
battle battle
erupts erupts
Drogos Drogos
bloodriders bloodriders
Daeneryss Daeneryss
khas khas
Rhaego Rhaego
begins begin
kick kick
wildly wildly
inside inside
Daenerys Daenerys
goes go
labor labor
men men
dying dying
around around
birthing birthing
women woman
refuse refuse
attend attend
Daenerys Daenerys
someone someone
suggests suggests
Mirri Mirri
Jorah Jorah
lifts lift
Daenerys Daenerys
arms arm
carries carry
tent tent
Daenerys Daenerys
weak weak
protest protest
Daenerys Daenerys
wakes wake
days day
later later
several several
fever fever
dreams dream
one one
dragon dragon
eggs egg
arms arm
requested requested
one one
short short
waking waking
moments moment
Rhaego Rhaego
stillborn stillborn
malformed malformed
Daenerys Daenerys
learns learns
dead dead
months month
according according
Mirri Mirri
even even
though though
Daenerys Daenerys
felt felt
strong strong
alive alive
shortly shortly
labor labor
begun begun
Mirri Mirri
reveals reveals
Rhaegos Rhaegos
death death
true true
price price
blood blood
magic magic
Drogos Drogos
khalasar khalasar
gone gone
split split
two two
new new
khalasars khalasars
belonging belonging
Khal Khal
Pono Pono
Khal Khal
Jhaqo Jhaqo
Although Although
Drogo Drogo
still still
lives life
catatonic catatonic
state state
Daenerys Daenerys
demands demand
know know
Drogo Drogo
Mirri Mirri
replies reply
sun sun
rises rise
west west
sets set
east east
seas sea
go go
dry dry
mountains mountain
blow blow
wind wind
like like
leaves leaf
womb womb
quickens quickens
bear bear
living living
child child
return return
reveals reveals
wrong wrong
Drogos Drogos
khalasar khalasar
burn burn
temple temple
Rhaegos Rhaegos
death death
means mean
stallion stallion
mounts mount
world world
unable unable
burn burn
cities city
trample trample
nations nation
dust dust
Daenerys Daenerys
orders order
Mirri Mirri
arrested arrested
attempt attempt
get get
response response
Drogo Drogo
pleasuring pleasuring
speaking speaking
realizes realizes
truly truly
gone gone
euthanizes euthanizes
remaining remaining
Dothraki Dothraki
build build
funeral funeral
pyre pyre
declares declares
queen queen
states state
khalasar khalasar
frees free
slaves slave
names name
Jorah Jorah
knight knight
Queensguard Queensguard
Jhogo Jhogo
Rakharo Rakharo
Aggo Aggo
three three
men men
khas khas
kos ko
ignoring ignoring
refusal refusal
bloodrider bloodrider
woman woman
Daenerys Daenerys
places place
three three
dragon dragon
eggs egg
onto onto
Drogos Drogos
funeral funeral
pyre pyre
beside beside
body body
also also
Mirri Mirri
bound bound
pyre pyre
claiming claiming
death death
pay pay
life life
Drogos Drogos
pyre pyre
lit lit
first first
star star
fire fire
red red
comet comet
seen seen
sky sky
entire entire
pyre pyre
afire afire
Daenerys Daenerys
walks walk
flames flame
next next
morning morning
flames flame
gone gone
ground ground
cooled cooled
new new
khalasar khalasar
finds find
amidst amidst
ashes ash
naked naked
unharmed unharmed
holding holding
three three
living living
newlyhatched newlyhatched
dragons dragon
first first
dragons dragon
alive alive
since since
AC AC
kneel kneel
swear swear
oaths oath
Daenerys Daenerys
loyal loyal
ever ever
Drogo Drogo
Daenerys Daenerys
names name
three three
dragons dragon
Viserion Viserion
brother brother
Viserys Viserys
Rhaegal Rhaegal
brother brother
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Drogon Drogon
Drogo Drogo
Daenerys Daenerys
decided decided
follow follow
red red
comet comet
Although Although
Dothraki Dothraki
convinced convinced
ill ill
omen omen
Daenerys Daenerys
believes belief
herald herald
coming coming
points point
direction direction
must must
travel travel
However However
aware aware
fact fact
comets comet
direction direction
direction direction
could could
gone gone
north north
many many
khalasars khalasars
south south
Lhazareen Lhazareen
east east
Ponos Ponos
khalasar khalasar
hostile hostile
leads lead
people people
east east
red red
waste waste
eventually eventually
arrive arrive
abandoned abandoned
city city
Daenerys Daenerys
dubs dub
Vaes Vaes
Tolorro Tolorro
khalasar khalasar
recovers recovers
terrible terrible
journey journey
desert desert
Daenerys Daenerys
sends sends
bloodriders bloodriders
scout scout
every every
direction direction
Aggo Aggo
Rakharo Rakharo
return return
without without
hopeful hopeful
news news
Daenerys Daenerys
begins begin
fortify fortify
Vaes Vaes
Tolorro Tolorro
case case
enemies enemy
long long
time time
Jhogo Jhogo
returns return
accompanied accompanied
three three
citizens citizen
city city
Qarth Qarth
merchant merchant
Xaro Xaro
Xhoan Xhoan
Daxos Daxos
warlock warlock
Pyat Pyat
Pree Pree
shadowbinder shadowbinder
Quaithe Quaithe
Asshai Asshai
escort escort
Daenerys Daenerys
khalasar khalasar
Qarth Qarth
Xaro Xaro
invites invite
stay stay
palace palace
Daenerys Daenerys
learns learns
death death
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
unrest unrest
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Daenerys Daenerys
visits visit
Pureborn Pureborn
Qarth Qarth
hoping hoping
convince convince
help help
conquest conquest
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
refuse refuse
however however
way way
back back
Xaros Xaros
palace palace
Daenerys Daenerys
sees see
Quaithe Quaithe
urges urge
Daenerys Daenerys
travel travel
Asshai Asshai
Xaro Xaro
proposes proposes
marriage marriage
Daenerys Daenerys
Daenerys Daenerys
finds find
amusing amusing
found found
Xaro Xaro
completely completely
uninterested uninterested
charms charm
women woman
Jorah Jorah
warns warns
according according
Qartheen Qartheen
marriage marriage
customs custom
Xaro Xaro
would would
within within
rights right
ask ask
dragon dragon
Daenerys Daenerys
wed wed
Daenerys Daenerys
would would
legally legally
able able
deny deny
knowing knowing
else else
turn turn
Daenerys Daenerys
decides decides
go go
warlocks warlock
Daenerys Daenerys
goes go
House House
Undying Undying
Pyat Pyat
Pree Pree
gives give
shadeoftheevening shadeoftheevening
enters enters
building building
alone alone
Inside Inside
Daenerys Daenerys
sees see
several several
strange strange
visions vision
reaches reach
hall hall
Undying Undying
tell tell
light light
three three
fires fire
one one
life life
one one
death death
one one
love love
ride ride
three three
mounts mount
one one
bed bed
one one
dread dread
one one
love love
face face
three three
betrayals betrayal
one one
blood blood
one one
gold gold
one one
love love
visions vision
follow follow
Undying Undying
attack attack
Drogon Drogon
sets set
Undying Undying
Ones Ones
fire fire
allowing allowing
Daenerys Daenerys
flee flee
Palace Palace
Dust Dust
burns burn
Outside Outside
Daenerys Daenerys
attacked attacked
Pyat Pyat
Pree Pree
Jhogo Jhogo
Rakharo Rakharo
Drogon Drogon
save save
destruction destruction
Palace Palace
Dust Dust
turns turn
Qartheen Qartheen
Xaro Xaro
warns warns
Daenerys Daenerys
Pyat Pyat
Pree Pree
gathering gathering
warlocks warlock
refuses refuse
marry marry
suggests suggests
leave leave
Qarth Qarth
offers offer
give give
ships ship
exchange exchange
dragon dragon
Daenerys Daenerys
refuses refuse
insists insists
leaves leaf
palace palace
Daenerys Daenerys
visits visit
docks dock
Qarth Qarth
seek seek
passage passage
ship ship
khalasar khalasar
dragons dragon
frequently frequently
refused refused
Jorah Jorah
warns warns
followed followed
two two
strangers stranger
Sorrowful Sorrowful
Man Man
gives give
box box
containing containing
manticore manticore
purpose purpose
killing killing
one one
strangers stranger
knocks knock
manticore manticore
aside aside
sting sting
two two
strangers stranger
Belwas Belwas
Arstan Arstan
Whitebeard Whitebeard
inform inform
Daenerys Daenerys
sent sent
Qarth Qarth
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
three three
ships ship
escort escort
Daenerys Daenerys
party party
back back
Pentos Pentos
Daenerys Daenerys
renames renames
ships ship
Vhagar Vhagar
Meraxes Meraxes
Balerion Balerion
dragons dragon
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
sisterwives sisterwives
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Visenya Visenya
sets set
sail sail
Pentos Pentos
way way
Pentos Pentos
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
convinces convinces
Daenerys Daenerys
change change
course course
Astapor Astapor
one one
slave slave
cities city
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
Mistrustful Mistrustful
Illyrios Illyrios
motives motif
believes belief
wise wise
purchase purchase
Unsullied Unsullied
traveling traveling
Illyrio Illyrio
Daenerys Daenerys
army army
loyal loyal
kisses kiss
professes professes
love love
telling telling
could could
one one
three three
heads head
dragon dragon
husband husband
Lonely Lonely
since since
Drogos Drogos
death death
Daenerys Daenerys
one one
night night
takes take
maid maid
Irri Irri
lover lover
Astapor Astapor
Daenerys Daenerys
visits visit
Plaza Plaza
Pride Pride
rude rude
Kraznys Kraznys
mo mo
Nakloz Nakloz
informs informs
Daenerys Daenerys
capabilities capability
Unsullied Unsullied
Daenerys Daenerys
pretends pretend
can can
not not
understand understand
High High
Valyrian Valyrian
Kraznys Kraznys
’ ’
s s
scribe scribe
Missandei Missandei
translates translates
rude rude
remarks remark
respectful respectful
statements statement
Though Though
Arstan Arstan
Whitebeard Whitebeard
counsels counsel
using using
slaves slave
Daenerys Daenerys
informs informs
Good Good
Masters Masters
wishes wish
purchase purchase
eight eight
thousand thousand
six six
hundred hundred
Unsullied Unsullied
well well
five five
thousand thousand
boys boy
still still
training training
exchange exchange
goods good
ships ship
Drogon Drogon
slavers slaver
agree agree
give give
Missandei Missandei
gift gift
way way
back back
ship ship
Daenerys Daenerys
frees free
Missandei Missandei
gives give
option option
leave leave
service service
revealing revealing
ability ability
understand understand
speak speak
High High
Valyrian Valyrian
Missandei Missandei
decides decides
stay stay
Daenerys Daenerys
night night
Daenerys Daenerys
visited visited
Quaithe Quaithe
urges urge
go go
Asshai Asshai
next next
day day
Daenerys Daenerys
goes go
purchase purchase
Unsullied Unsullied
assuming assuming
command command
soldiers soldier
Daenerys Daenerys
betrays betrays
Good Good
Masters Masters
orders order
Drogon Drogon
attack attack
slavers slaver
Unsullied Unsullied
conquer conquer
city city
Daenerys Daenerys
frees free
slaves slave
leaves leaf
council council
rule rule
city city
frees free
Unsullied Unsullied
well well
decide decide
serve serve
free free
men men
new new
army army
Daenerys Daenerys
marches march
Yunkai Yunkai
Aware Aware
Sack Sack
Astapor Astapor
Yunkai Yunkai
hires hire
two two
sellsword sellsword
companies company
Stormcrows Stormcrows
Second Second
Sons Sons
strengthen strengthen
slave slave
army army
four four
thousand thousand
strong strong
Daenerys Daenerys
meets meet
envoy envoy
Yunkai Yunkai
well well
captains captain
sellsword sellsword
companies company
Though Though
two two
captains captain
Stormcrows Stormcrows
quick quick
refuse refuse
Daenerys Daenerys
third third
Daario Daario
Naharis Naharis
polite polite
Mero Mero
captain captain
Second Second
Sons Sons
behaves behaves
extremely extremely
rude rude
Daeneryss Daeneryss
presence presence
offers offer
pay pay
Yunkai Yunkai
gifts gift
enough enough
wine wine
sellswords sellswords
promises promise
consider consider
offer offer
Yunkish Yunkish
envoy envoy
Grazdan Grazdan
mo mo
Eraz Eraz
last last
arrive arrive
offers offer
Daenerys Daenerys
gold gold
refuses refuse
informs informs
Yunkai Yunkai
three three
days day
free free
slaves slave
sack sack
city city
envoy envoy
Yunkai Yunkai
left left
Daenerys Daenerys
reveals reveals
plans plan
attack attack
city city
night night
Stormcrows Stormcrows
still still
arguing arguing
offer offer
Second Second
Sons Sons
drunk drunk
wine wine
gave gave
Yunkaii Yunkaii
believe believe
still still
two two
days day
Shortly Shortly
attack attack
begins begin
Daario Daario
Naharis Naharis
walks walk
Targaryen Targaryen
camp camp
presents present
Daenerys Daenerys
heads head
Prendahl Prendahl
na na
Ghezn Ghezn
Sallor Sallor
fellow fellow
captains captain
pledges pledge
Stormcrows Stormcrows
service service
army army
attacks attack
Yunkai Yunkai
Daenerys Daenerys
remains remains
camp camp
discusses discus
brother brother
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Arstan Arstan
soldiers soldier
win win
battle battle
Though Though
Mero Mero
escaped escaped
thousand thousand
others others
taken taken
captive captive
Daenerys Daenerys
agrees agrees
slave slave
sellsword sellsword
swear swear
loyalty loyalty
Daenerys Daenerys
spared spared
Daenerys Daenerys
marches march
last last
leagues league
Yunkai Yunkai
waits wait
morning morning
third third
day day
city city
gates gate
open open
slaves slave
Yunkai Yunkai
emerge emerge
hailing hailing
Mhysa Mhysa
meaning meaning
Mother Mother
Ghiscari Ghiscari
Daenerys Daenerys
marches march
north north
Meereen Meereen
preparation preparation
arrival arrival
Meereenese Meereenese
retreat retreat
behind behind
walls wall
city city
stripping stripping
lands land
clean clean
addition addition
nailed nailed
hundred hundred
sixtythree sixtythree
slave slave
children child
onto onto
mileposts milepost
placed placed
coast coast
road road
Yunkai Yunkai
Meereen Meereen
Daenerys Daenerys
encamps encamps
host host
eighty eighty
thousand thousand
strong strong
though though
fewer fewer
quarter quarter
warriors warrior
outside outside
walls wall
Meereen Meereen
Belwas Belwas
fights fight
Oznak Oznak
zo zo
Pahl Pahl
hero hero
Meereen Meereen
easily easily
slays slays
Ben Ben
Plumm Plumm
new new
commander commander
Second Second
Sons Sons
suggests suggests
entering entering
city city
sewers sewer
Daenerys Daenerys
consider consider
promising promising
idea idea
takes take
Missandei Missandei
Arstan Arstan
camp camp
freedmen freedman
attacked attacked
Mero Mero
hidden hidden
among among
freedmen freedman
awaiting awaiting
opportunity opportunity
kill kill
Arstan Arstan
saves save
life life
killing killing
Mero Mero
process process
However However
Jorah Jorah
questions question
Arstans Arstans
ability ability
causing causing
Arstan Arstan
reveal reveal
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
formerly formerly
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Barristan Barristan
reveals reveals
Jorah Jorah
served served
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
spy spy
giving giving
information information
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
ever ever
since since
wedding wedding
Drogo Drogo
Daenerys Daenerys
furious furious
feels feel
betrayed betrayed
sends sends
sewers sewer
Meereen Meereen
part part
plan plan
take take
city city
half half
hoping hoping
theyll theyll
die die
attempt attempt
army army
breaks break
gates gate
city city
outside outside
archers archer
fire fire
arrows arrow
citys city
defenders defender
Jorah Jorah
Barristan Barristan
Belwas Belwas
nineteen nineteen
others others
enter enter
city city
sewers sewer
free free
slaves slave
revolt revolt
Meereen Meereen
taken taken
Daenerys Daenerys
one one
hundred hundred
sixtythree sixtythree
Great Great
Masters Masters
nailed nailed
posts post
plaza plaza
front front
Great Great
Pyramid Pyramid
Though Though
able able
pardon pardon
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
finds find
unable unable
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
Instead Instead
exiles exile
Mormont Mormont
warns warns
hell hell
killed killed
returns return
city city
Daenerys Daenerys
learns learns
council council
previously previously
installed installed
Astapor Astapor
rule rule
city city
killed killed
replaced replaced
former former
butcher butcher
declared declared
king king
enslaved enslaved
former former
nobility nobility
addition addition
Yunkai Yunkai
gathering gathering
new new
levies levy
sending sending
envoys envoy
form form
alliances alliance
Daenerys Daenerys
Daenerys Daenerys
decides decides
can can
not not
leave leave
Meereen Meereen
suffer suffer
violent violent
fate fate
Astapor Astapor
informs informs
captains captain
stay stay
Meereen Meereen
learn learn
rule rule
Queen Queen
one one
city city
conquering conquering
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
meantime meantime
word word
threeheaded threeheaded
dragon dragon
hatched hatched
Qarth Qarth
reach reach
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
reported reported
small small
council council
Lord Lord
Varys Varys
news news
Daeneryss Daeneryss
dragons dragon
campaign campaign
starting starting
reach reach
Westeros Westeros
Several Several
acolytes acolyte
Citadel Citadel
discuss discus
stories story
heard heard
Sailors Sailors
speak speak
dragons dragon
Asshai Asshai
Qarth Qarth
Meereen Meereen
dragons dragon
among among
Dothraki Dothraki
dragons dragon
freeing freeing
slaves slave
Though Though
tales tale
differ differ
details detail
speak speak
dragons dragon
beautiful beautiful
young young
queen queen
Alleras Alleras
points point
though though
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
dead dead
Daenerys Daenerys
still still
alive alive
Leo Leo
Tyrell Tyrell
informs informs
acolytes acolyte
Daenerys Daenerys
fact fact
hatched hatched
three three
dragons dragon
Dorne Dorne
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
recalls recall
heard heard
stories story
dragons dragon
Qarth Qarth
slave slave
revolt revolt
Astapor Astapor
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Aurane Aurane
Waters Waters
reports report
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
small small
council council
meeting meeting
sailors sailor
speak speak
dragons dragon
east east
Qyburn Qyburn
later later
reports report
slave slave
revolt revolt
Astapor Astapor
spread spread
Meereen Meereen
stating stating
sailors sailor
dozen dozen
ships ship
speak speak
dragons dragon
Kingsmoot Kingsmoot
Euron Euron
Greyjoy Greyjoy
reveals reveals
lords lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
three three
dragons dragon
world world
laster laster
tasks task
younger younger
brother brother
Victarion Victarion
sailing sailing
Iron Iron
Fleet Fleet
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
bring bring
back back
Daenerys Daenerys
Euron Euron
wed wed
Braavos Braavos
drunk drunk
Dareon Dareon
hears hears
tales tale
dragons dragon
well well
repeats repeat
maester maester
Aemon Aemon
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
Aemon Aemon
becomes becomes
increasingly increasingly
interested interested
stories story
dragons dragon
ill ill
venture venture
outside outside
learn learn
firsthand firsthand
requests request
Samwell Samwell
brings brings
someone someone
seen seen
dragons dragon
Samwell Samwell
encounters encounter
Xhondo Xhondo
Dhoru Dhoru
seen seen
Daenerys Daenerys
dragons dragon
Qarth Qarth
Upon Upon
hearing hearing
Xhondos Xhondos
stories story
Aemon Aemon
becomes becomes
convinced convinced
Daenerys Daenerys
princess princess
promised promised
proven proven
dragons dragon
insists insists
Samwell Samwell
informs informs
archmaesters archmaesters
Citadel Citadel
informed informed
Daenerys Daenerys
dangers danger
Wall Wall
calling calling
Daenerys Daenerys
last last
hope hope
believing believing
maester maester
send send
Daenerys Daenerys
give give
counsel counsel
Aemon Aemon
dies dy
voyage voyage
Oldtown Oldtown
Upon Upon
arrival arrival
Citadel Citadel
Samwell Samwell
encounters encounter
Alleras Alleras
listens listens
stories story
brings brings
Archmaester Archmaester
Marwyn Marwyn
Marwyn Marwyn
decides decides
travel travel
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
give give
Daenerys Daenerys
aid aid
Rumors Rumors
Daeneryss Daeneryss
striking striking
beauty beauty
spread spread
far far
wide wide
said said
silvergold silvergold
hair hair
amethyst amethyst
eyes eye
head head
man man
executed executed
spying spying
behalf behalf
Daenerys Daenerys
fermenting fermenting
rebellion rebellion
displayed displayed
Long Long
Bridge Bridge
Volantis Volantis
Daenerys Daenerys
rules rule
Meereen Meereen
queen queen
faces face
multiple multiple
enemies enemy
resistance resistance
group group
Ghiscari Ghiscari
noblemen nobleman
Meereen Meereen
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
engage engage
shadow shadow
war war
Daenerys Daenerys
slaying slaying
freedmen freedman
Unsullied Unsullied
shavepates shavepates
night night
Daenerys Daenerys
orders order
creation creation
city city
watch watch
made made
Meereenese Meereenese
Brazen Brazen
Beasts Beasts
sets set
reward reward
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
one one
thousand thousand
honors honor
fund fund
Brazen Brazen
Beasts Beasts
Daenerys Daenerys
imposes imposes
blood blood
tax tax
noble noble
families family
Meereen Meereen
demands demand
two two
hostages hostage
family family
attempt attempt
stop stop
killings killing
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
turn turn
offer offer
wealth wealth
glory glory
hundred hundred
slave slave
girls girl
whoever whoever
slays slays
Daenerys Daenerys
promising promising
death death
anyone anyone
families family
serve serve
Daenerys Daenerys
murders murder
continue continue
Daenerys Daenerys
finds find
unable unable
harm harm
hostages hostage
Daenerys Daenerys
three three
fighting fighting
companies company
formed formed
comprised comprised
freedmen freedman
Mothers Mothers
Men Men
Free Free
Brothers Brothers
Stalwart Stalwart
Shields Shields
Daenerys Daenerys
also also
faces face
dislike dislike
nobility nobility
city city
numerous numerous
crimes crime
committed committed
sack sack
nobility nobility
especially especially
suffered suffered
losses loss
property property
wealth wealth
However However
also also
support support
Daenerys Daenerys
men men
shaven shaven
heads head
abandoning abandoning
traditional traditional
hair hair
styles style
Ghiscari Ghiscari
culture culture
men men
known known
shavepates shavepates
led led
Skahaz Skahaz
mo mo
Kandaq Kandaq
serves serf
Daenerys Daenerys
counselor counselor
Drogon Drogon
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
growing growing
wilder wilder
often often
hunt hunt
sheep sheep
lands land
surrounding surrounding
city city
Daenerys Daenerys
pays pay
shepherds shepherd
loss loss
animals animal
However However
one one
day day
court court
one one
man man
lingers lingers
Daenerys Daenerys
granted granted
compensation compensation
given given
loss loss
twentythree twentythree
animals animal
petitioners petitioner
departed departed
presents present
burned burned
bones bone
daughter daughter
Hazzea Hazzea
saying saying
winged winged
shadow shadow
Shocked Shocked
Hazzeas Hazzeas
death death
Daenerys Daenerys
orders order
dragons dragon
captured captured
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
locked locked
pit pit
underneath underneath
Great Great
Pyramid Pyramid
Daenerys Daenerys
resides resides
Drogon Drogon
escapes escape
flies fly
towards towards
Dothraki Dothraki
sea sea
Quaithe Quaithe
uses us
magic magic
visit visit
Daenerys Daenerys
one one
night night
Daenerys Daenerys
alone alone
informs informs
glass glass
candles candle
burning burning
warns warns
Daenerys Daenerys
dangers danger
coming coming
Soon Soon
comes come
pale pale
mare mare
others others
Kraken Kraken
dark dark
flame flame
lion lion
griffin griffin
suns sun
son son
mummers mummer
dragon dragon
Trust Trust
none none
Remember Remember
Undying Undying
Beware Beware
perfumed perfumed
seneschal seneschal
telling telling
Daenerys Daenerys
remember remember
Quaithe Quaithe
disappears disappears
Daenerys Daenerys
hosts host
Xaro Xaro
Xhoan Xhoan
Daxos Daxos
offers offer
thirteen thirteen
ships ship
condition condition
departs departs
Westeros Westeros
immediately immediately
considers considers
offer offer
realizes realizes
freedmen freedman
stay stay
behind behind
Meereen Meereen
either either
enslaved enslaved
die die
Unable Unable
take take
Westeros Westeros
thirteen thirteen
ships ship
Daenerys Daenerys
refuses refuse
Xaros Xaros
offer offer
Xaro Xaro
leaves leaf
Meereen Meereen
declaring declaring
war war
Wise Wise
Masters Masters
Yunkai Yunkai
resumed resumed
slavery slavery
Daenerys Daenerys
left left
Meereen Meereen
raised raised
new new
army army
slave slave
levies levy
sellswords sellswords
joined joined
iron iron
legions legion
New New
Ghis Ghis
King King
Cleon Cleon
Astapor Astapor
prepares prepares
march march
battle battle
envoy envoy
Lord Lord
Ghael Ghael
requests request
alliance alliance
Astapor Astapor
Meereen Meereen
Daenerys Daenerys
refuses refuse
multiple multiple
occasions occasion
Cleon Cleon
defeated defeated
battle battle
Horns Horns
Hazzat Hazzat
later later
killed killed
men men
short short
siege siege
Astapori Astapori
make make
one one
last last
stand stand
defeated defeated
Yunkaii Yunkaii
begin begin
march march
Daenerys Daenerys
Galazza Galazza
Galare Galare
Green Green
Grace Grace
counsels counsel
Daenerys Daenerys
take take
Meereenese Meereenese
noble noble
husband husband
proposes proposes
Hizdahr Hizdahr
zo zo
Loraq Loraq
Daenerys Daenerys
Hizdahr Hizdahr
come come
agreement agreement
stop stop
murders murder
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
ninety ninety
days day
wed wed
Barristan Barristan
objects object
marriage marriage
Daenerys Daenerys
informs informs
ninety ninety
days day
long long
period period
Hizdahr Hizdahr
could could
still still
fail fail
However However
admits admits
Hizdahr Hizdahr
succeed succeed
wed wed
promised promised
people people
leaving leaving
Barristan Barristan
informs informs
Daenerys Daenerys
Daario Daario
Naharis Naharis
returned returned
city city
attracted attracted
Daario Daario
since since
swore swore
fealty fealty
Daenerys Daenerys
insists insists
seeing seeing
immediately immediately
Daario Daario
brings brings
good good
news news
negotiations negotiation
Lhazareen Lhazareen
successful successful
Lhazareen Lhazareen
agreed agreed
trade trade
Meereen Meereen
Daario Daario
Stormcrows Stormcrows
face face
Long Long
Lances Lances
sellsword sellsword
company company
hired hired
Yunkai Yunkai
Khyzai Khyzai
Pass Pass
Daario Daario
boasts boast
twelve twelve
defected defected
side side
nine nine
died died
Daenerys Daenerys
tells tell
Daario Daario
troubles trouble
within within
outside outside
city city
Galazza Galazza
suggested suggested
marriage marriage
Hizdahr Hizdahr
create create
peace peace
Daario Daario
suggests suggests
Daenerys Daenerys
agree agree
marriage marriage
pretense pretense
gather gather
Great Great
Masters Masters
kill kill
Daenerys Daenerys
angrily angrily
sends sends
Stormcrows Stormcrows
away away
city city
back back
Khyzai Khyzai
Pass Pass
Ships Ships
Qarth Qarth
Tolos Tolos
New New
Ghis Ghis
even even
Meereenese Meereenese
ships ship
fled fled
Daenerys Daenerys
first first
took took
city city
blocked blocked
harbor harbor
Without Without
ships ship
wood wood
build build
new new
ships ship
Daenerys Daenerys
can can
not not
battle battle
Hizdahr Hizdahr
successful successful
thus thus
far far
preventing preventing
new new
murders murder
causing causing
Skahaz Skahaz
mo mo
Kandaq Kandaq
suspect suspect
Harpy Harpy
Daenerys Daenerys
refuses refuse
allow allow
torture torture
Hizdahr Hizdahr
Astapori Astapori
refugees refugee
travel travel
Meereen Meereen
first first
Astapori Astapori
reach reach
city city
infected infected
bloody bloody
flux flux
soon soon
known known
pale pale
mare mare
surviving surviving
Astapori Astapori
way way
Meereen Meereen
contagious contagious
disease disease
Daenerys Daenerys
follows follows
advice advice
counselors counselor
allow allow
refugees refugee
enter enter
city city
instead instead
camp camp
outside outside
walls wall
Yunkaii Yunkaii
contact contact
Hizdahr Hizdahr
zo zo
Loraq Loraq
inform inform
willing willing
give give
Meereen Meereen
peace peace
require require
gold gold
Daenerys Daenerys
well well
agreement agreement
Yunkaii Yunkaii
resume resume
slaving slaving
Astapor Astapor
slaver slaver
city city
without without
Daeneryss Daeneryss
interference interference
agreements agreement
sealed sealed
Daeneryss Daeneryss
marriage marriage
Hizdahr Hizdahr
Daario Daario
returns return
Meereen Meereen
informing informing
Daenerys Daenerys
Second Second
Sons Sons
joined joined
Yunkai Yunkai
deserters deserter
Windblown Windblown
come come
side side
four four
sellsword sellsword
companies company
six six
Ghiscari Ghiscari
legions legion
Qartheen Qartheen
camelry camelry
Tolosi Tolosi
slingers slinger
way way
Meereen Meereen
Daenerys Daenerys
choice choice
close close
gates gate
Finally Finally
giving giving
desires desire
Daenerys Daenerys
takes take
Daario Daario
lover lover
alone alone
day day
wedding wedding
Hizdahr Hizdahr
Daario Daario
introduces introduces
men men
defected defected
Windblown Windblown
One One
reveals reveals
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
Dorne Dorne
brings brings
secret secret
marriage marriage
pact pact
signed signed
uncle uncle
behalf behalf
Dorne Dorne
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
behalf behalf
Viserys Viserys
promising promising
hand hand
Quentyns Quentyns
sister sister
Arianne Arianne
Viserys Viserys
marriage marriage
exchange exchange
Dornes Dornes
support support
Viserys Viserys
dead dead
Quentyn Quentyn
offers offer
marriage marriage
Daenerys Daenerys
Barristan Barristan
sees see
offer offer
hopeful hopeful
option option
Daenerys Daenerys
rejects reject
marries marries
Hizdahr Hizdahr
ninety ninety
days day
peace peace
inside inside
city city
Quentyn Quentyn
informs informs
Daenerys Daenerys
deserters deserter
spies spy
send send
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
Daenerys Daenerys
imprisoned imprisoned
Hizdahr Hizdahr
invites invite
captains captain
Yunkish Yunkish
army army
Meereen Meereen
sign sign
peace peace
treaty treaty
celebrate celebrate
opening opening
fighting fighting
pits pit
Hostages Hostages
Meereen Meereen
sent sent
Yunkish Yunkish
camp camp
ensure ensure
captains captain
remain remain
unharmed unharmed
Daenerys Daenerys
hates hate
everything everything
feast feast
confrontation confrontation
Ben Ben
Plumm Plumm
Daenerys Daenerys
orders order
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
free free
Meris Meris
send send
back back
Windblown Windblown
hoping hoping
convince convince
Windblown Windblown
abandon abandon
Yunkai Yunkai
Daenerys Daenerys
next next
takes take
Quentyn Quentyn
see see
dragons dragon
urges urge
return return
home home
next next
day day
Barristan Barristan
reports report
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
willing willing
join join
Daenerys Daenerys
return return
Pentos Pentos
Daenerys Daenerys
unwilling unwilling
help help
take take
city city
goes go
Daznaks Daznaks
Pit Pit
pit pit
fighting fighting
Belwas Belwas
consumes consumes
poisoned poisoned
locusts locust
Hizdahr Hizdahr
urging urging
Daenerys Daenerys
eat eat
Daenerys Daenerys
grows grows
disgusted disgusted
days day
events event
leave leave
Belwas Belwas
falls fall
sick sick
knees knee
Drogon Drogon
returns return
city city
landing landing
pit pit
feed feed
body body
slain slain
Barsena Barsena
crowd crowd
panics panic
one one
man man
attacks attack
Drogon Drogon
spear spear
Daenerys Daenerys
rushes rush
Drogons Drogons
side side
mounts mount
dragon dragon
rides ride
back back
flies fly
arena arena
Meereen Meereen
many many
fear fear
Daenerys Daenerys
died died
chaos chaos
returns return
city city
several several
plots plot
collide collide
Daenerys Daenerys
still still
lives life
however however
Drogon Drogon
flown flown
hill hill
Dothraki Dothraki
sea sea
dubs dub
Dragonstone Dragonstone
island island
born born
eventually eventually
decides decides
return return
Meereen Meereen
unable unable
get get
Drogon Drogon
follow follow
commands command
leading leading
traveling traveling
foot foot
begins begin
fall fall
ill ill
stomach stomach
cramping cramping
retching retching
green green
slime slime
diarrhea diarrhea
dreams dream
Viserys Viserys
wakes wake
thighs thigh
covered covered
blood blood
spots spot
Drogon Drogon
calls call
side side
dragon dragon
obeys obeys
Khal Khal
Jhaqo Jhaqo
khalasar khalasar
eventually eventually
find find
Daenerys Daenerys
standing standing
next next
dragon dragon
blood blood
dragon dragon
told told
Daenerys Daenerys
Stormborn Stormborn
Princess Princess
Dragonstone Dragonstone
blood blood
seed seed
Aegon Aegon
ConquerorIf ConquerorIf
look look
back back
lostMirri lostMirri
mad mad
Daenerys Daenerys
far far
madness madness
wisdomNo wisdomNo
good good
knight knight
fear fear
fire fire
mine mine
Daenerys Daenerys
Stormborn Stormborn
daughter daughter
dragons dragon
bride bride
dragons dragon
mother mother
dragons dragon
dont dont
see see
Dont Dont
SEEA SEEA
queen queen
must must
listen listen
highborn highborn
low low
strong strong
weak weak
noble noble
venal venal
One One
voice voice
may may
speak speak
false false
many many
always always
truth truth
foundIt foundIt
seems seems
queen queen
trusts trust
one one
foolish foolish
queen queen
trusts trust
everyoneDo everyoneDo
know know
like like
sold sold
squire squire
brother brother
sold sold
Khal Khal
Drogo Drogo
promise promise
golden golden
crown crown
Well Well
Drogo Drogo
crowned crowned
gold gold
though though
wished wished
sunandstars sunandstars
made made
queen queen
different different
man man
might might
much much
otherwise otherwise
think think
forgotten forgotten
felt felt
afraidWhy afraidWhy
gods god
make make
kings king
queens queen
protect protect
ones one
cant cant
protect protect
themselvesA themselvesA
dragon dragon
slaveMother slaveMother
dragons dragon
Daenerys Daenerys
thought thought
Mother Mother
monsters monster
unleashed unleashed
upon upon
world world
queen queen
throne throne
made made
burned burned
bones bone
rests rest
quicksand quicksand
Without Without
dragons dragon
could could
hope hope
hold hold
Meereen Meereen
much much
less le
win win
back back
Westeros Westeros
blood blood
dragon dragon
thought thought
monsters monster
IJorah IJorah
queen queen
Westeros Westeros
Daenerys Daenerys
long long
way way
tired tired
Jorah Jorah
weary weary
war war
wanted wanted
rest rest
laugh laugh
plant plant
trees tree
see see
grow grow
young young
girl girl
Jorah Jorah
blood blood
dragon dragon
Dragons Dragons
plant plant
trees tree
Remember Remember
Remember Remember
made made
Remember Remember
words word
Jorah Jorah
brothers brother
sister sister
truth truth
Daenerys Daenerys
Viserys Viserys
frightened frightened
child child
sheltered sheltered
manse manse
died died
Dothraki Dothraki
sea sea
reborn reborn
blood blood
fire fire
dragon dragon
queen queen
wears wear
name name
true true
TargaryenTyrion TargaryenTyrion
Daenerys Daenerys
sweet sweet
young young
girl girl
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
cut cut
sweet sweet
young young
pieces piece
Illyrio Illyrio
Fear Fear
little little
friend friend
blood blood
Aegon Aegon
Dragon Dragon
flows flow
veinsYou veinsYou
perfect perfect
prince prince
agreed agreed
bright bright
bold bold
comely comely
maid maid
could could
wish wish
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
maid maid
however however
widow widow
Dothraki Dothraki
khal khal
mother mother
dragons dragon
sacker sacker
cities city
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
teats teat
may may
prove prove
willing willing
wishI wishI
know know
spent spent
childhood childhood
exile exile
impoverished impoverished
living living
dreams dream
schemes scheme
running running
one one
city city
next next
always always
fearful fearful
never never
safe safe
friendless friendless
brother brother
accounts account
halfmad halfmad
brother brother
sold sold
maidenhood maidenhood
Dothraki Dothraki
promise promise
army army
know know
somewhere somewhere
upon upon
grass grass
dragons dragon
hatched hatched
know know
proud proud
else else
left left
pride pride
know know
strong strong
Dothraki Dothraki
despise despise
weakness weakness
Daenerys Daenerys
weak weak
would would
perished perished
Viserys Viserys
know know
fierce fierce
Astapor Astapor
Yunkai Yunkai
Meereen Meereen
proof proof
enough enough
survived survived
assassins assassin
conspiracies conspiracy
fell fell
sorceries sorcery
grieved grieved
brother brother
husband husband
son son
trod trod
cities city
slavers slaver
dust dust
beneath beneath
dainty dainty
sandaled sandaled
feetOn feetOn
wings wing
song song
fly fly
Daenerys Daenerys
iron iron
captain captain
thought thought
Magister Magister
title title
held held
wealthy wealthy
powerful powerful
individuals individual
Free Free
Cities Cities
similar similar
qhoran qhoran
Westerosi Westerosi
steward steward
sometimes sometimes
post post
Unsullied Unsullied
gates gate
Powerful Powerful
magisters magisters
Pentos Pentos
elect elect
Prince Prince
Pentos Pentos
sometimes sometimes
lend lend
money money
Braavos Braavos
magisters magisters
participate participate
election election
Sealord Sealord
Lorath Lorath
nominally nominally
ruled ruled
three three
princes prince
city city
truly truly
ruled ruled
council council
magisters magisters
magisterial magisterial
council council
Norvos Norvos
subservient subservient
bearded bearded
priests priest
city city
Conclaves Conclaves
magisters magisters
rule rule
Lys Lys
Myr Myr
similar similar
group group
chooses chooses
Archon Archon
Tyrosh Tyrosh
Gluttons Gluttons
greedy greedy
men men
rule rule
magisters magisters
devious devious
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
fifth fifth
seven seven
planned planned
novels novel
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
series series
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
American American
author author
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
Despite Despite
original original
predictions prediction
possible possible
completion completion
late late
novel novel
released released
July July
Martin Martin
officially officially
finished finished
book book
April April
delivering delivering
page page
manuscript manuscript
hands hand
book book
editor editor
Anne Anne
Groell Groell
completing completing
office office
New New
York York
City City
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
name name
given given
civil civil
war war
prior prior
history history
Westeros Westeros
leading leading
much much
speculation speculation
novel novel
would would
feature feature
longawaited longawaited
invasion invasion
Westeros Westeros
army army
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
However However
ComicCon ComicCon
Martin Martin
said said
necessarily necessarily
title title
referring referring
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
originally originally
title title
second second
novel novel
sequence sequence
Martin Martin
still still
envisaged envisaged
series series
trilogy trilogy
early early
US US
editions edition
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
list list
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
forthcoming forthcoming
second second
volume volume
series series
also also
original original
planned planned
title title
fourth fourth
novel novel
Much Much
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
divided divided
UK UK
Mass Mass
Market Market
Paperback Paperback
editions edition
Steel Steel
Snow Snow
Blood Blood
Gold Gold
announced announced
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
would would
also also
published published
two two
volumes volume
named named
Dreams Dreams
Dust Dust
Feast Feast
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
set set
fictitious fictitious
world world
reminiscent reminiscent
medieval medieval
Europe Europe
primarily primarily
continent continent
called called
Westeros Westeros
except except
fact fact
world world
seasons season
last last
years year
occasionally occasionally
decades decade
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
picks pick
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
leaves leaf
runs run
simultaneously simultaneously
events event
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
seems seems
winding winding
north north
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
installed installed
Wall Wall
vowed vowed
win win
support support
northmen northman
continue continue
struggle struggle
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
although although
complicated complicated
fact fact
much much
west west
coast coast
occupation occupation
ironborn ironborn
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
elected elected
th th
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
enemies enemy
Watch Watch
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
taken taken
ship ship
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Pentos Pentos
eventual eventual
goals goal
unknown unknown
even even
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
conquered conquered
city city
Meereen Meereen
decided decided
stay stay
rule rule
city city
honing honing
skills skill
leadership leadership
needed needed
travels travel
Westeros Westeros
Daeneryss Daeneryss
presence presence
known known
many many
Westeros Westeros
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Dorne Dorne
Oldtown Oldtown
Free Free
Cities Cities
emissaries emissary
way way
find find
use use
cause cause
ends end
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
takes take
place place
year year
AC AC
partly partly
runs run
simultaneously simultaneously
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
continues continues
longer longer
year year
previous previous
book book
tale tale
told told
eyes eye
sixteen sixteen
POV POV
characters character
previous previous
volumes volume
oneoff oneoff
prologue prologue
epilogue epilogue
POV POV
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
beset beset
sides side
threats threat
danger danger
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
wants want
land land
waycastles waycastles
belonging belonging
Watch Watch
means mean
hand hand
fiefs fief
loyal loyal
supporters supporter
Others Others
continuing continuing
mass mass
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Mance Mance
Rayders Rayders
wildling wildling
host host
leaderless leaderless
smashed smashed
Stannis Stannis
events event
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
still still
numbers number
thousands thousand
Jon Jon
sees see
every every
wildling wildling
represents represents
another another
wight wight
Others Others
send send
Wall Wall
end end
takes take
great great
pains pain
court court
wildlings wildlings
winning winning
side side
uniting uniting
Watch Watch
common common
foe foe
however however
Jon Jon
loses loses
support support
many many
sworn sworn
brothers brother
Shortly Shortly
shepherding shepherding
large large
wilding wilding
host host
Wall Wall
stabbed stabbed
several several
members member
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
last last
chapter chapter
ending ending
falling falling
unconscious unconscious
Melisandre Melisandre
meanwhile meanwhile
burns burn
Rattleshirt Rattleshirt
disguised disguised
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
glamor glamor
Mance Mance
secretly secretly
lives life
disguised disguised
Rattleshirt Rattleshirt
Melisandre Melisandre
reveals reveals
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
grey grey
girl girl
dying dying
horse horse
interprets interprets
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
coming coming
kingsroad kingsroad
seek seek
asylum asylum
Jons Jons
permission permission
dispatches dispatch
Mance Mance
several several
spearwives spearwives
rescue rescue
girl girl
revealed revealed
actually actually
Alys Alys
Karstark Karstark
fleeing fleeing
manipulations manipulation
relatives relative
light light
fathers father
death death
taking taking
Jons Jons
advice advice
Stannis Stannis
able able
seize seize
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
allegiance allegiance
hill hill
folk folk
Karstarks Karstarks
Glovers Glovers
Mormonts Mormonts
half half
Umbers Umbers
moves move
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
taken taken
seat seat
ruins ruin
Winterfell Winterfell
half half
northern northern
bannermen bannermen
last last
report report
gloating gloating
letter letter
Ramsays Ramsays
handwriting handwriting
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
smashed smashed
king king
slain slain
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
sent sent
treat treat
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
Lord Lord
White White
Harbor Harbor
hopes hope
bringing bringing
Stanniss Stanniss
cause cause
finds find
Mermans Mermans
Court Court
infested infested
Freys Freys
claims claim
Manderlys Manderlys
older older
son son
Wylis Wylis
slain slain
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Wyman Wyman
yields yield
insistence insistence
Davos Davos
imprisoned imprisoned
However However
Davos Davos
continues continues
narrate narrate
long long
chronological chronological
moment moment
queen queen
received received
word word
death death
kept kept
genteel genteel
imprisonment imprisonment
Wolfs Wolfs
Den Den
eventually eventually
freed freed
Robett Robett
Glover Glover
joined joined
Lord Lord
Manderly Manderly
presenting presenting
friendly friendly
face face
Freys Freys
whilst whilst
secretly secretly
plotting plotting
downfall downfall
especially especially
Cersei Cersei
released released
Wendel Wendel
Wyman Wyman
introduces introduces
Davos Davos
ironborn ironborn
squire squire
Wex Wex
Pyke Pyke
formerly formerly
service service
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
survived survived
sack sack
Winterfell Winterfell
hiding hiding
tree tree
observed observed
six six
survivors survivor
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Jojen Jojen
Meera Meera
Reed Reed
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
Osha Osha
Hodor Hodor
fleeing fleeing
ruins ruin
Davos Davos
commissioned commissioned
retrieve retrieve
Rickon Rickon
island island
Skagos Skagos
succeed succeed
House House
Manderly Manderly
vassals vassal
join join
Stanniss Stanniss
cause cause
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
lately lately
fled fled
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
unsuccessful unsuccessful
bid bid
kingsmoot kingsmoot
saw saw
uncle uncle
Euron Euron
crowned crowned
sleeps sleep
Qarl Qarl
Maid Maid
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
captured captured
Stanniss Stanniss
assault assault
Deepwood Deepwood
however however
taken taken
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
fierce fierce
blizzard blizzard
slows slows
progress progress
Stannis Stannis
halts halt
march march
crofters crofter
village village
Meanwhile Meanwhile
creature creature
known known
Reek Reek
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Ramsay Ramsay
tortured tortured
psychologically psychologically
abused abused
adopting adopting
new new
identity identity
released released
Ramsay Ramsay
convince convince
ironbornheld ironbornheld
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
surrender surrender
thus thus
allowing allowing
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
contingent contingent
Freys Freys
northerners northerner
escaped escaped
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
return return
home home
comes come
Ramsays Ramsays
new new
bride bride
girl girl
calling calling
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Recognizing Recognizing
Jeyne Jeyne
Poole Poole
daughter daughter
Winterfells Winterfells
former former
steward steward
Reek Reek
warns warns
adopt adopt
new new
identity identity
lest lest
Ramsay Ramsay
displeased displeased
bard bard
Abel Abel
washerwomen washerwoman
take take
interest interest
Reek Reek
unknown unknown
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
spearwives spearwives
disguise disguise
Several Several
Rooses Rooses
supporters supporter
mysteriously mysteriously
died died
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
begins begin
regain regain
identity identity
spearwives spearwives
help help
Theon Theon
smuggle smuggle
Jeyne Jeyne
castle castle
eventually eventually
pair pair
reach reach
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
narrative narrative
leaves leaf
Ramsays Ramsays
letter letter
Jon Jon
mentions mention
wants want
wife wife
Reek Reek
back back
suggesting suggesting
least least
able able
escape escape
slaughter slaughter
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Meereen Meereen
finds find
crown crown
lying lying
uneasy uneasy
head head
Though Though
rules rule
Meereen Meereen
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
pick pick
men men
socalled socalled
shadow shadow
war war
Many Many
Meereenese Meereenese
citizens citizen
resent resent
new new
order order
things thing
number number
cities city
eventually eventually
take take
arms arm
slave slave
trade trade
abolished abolished
one one
cornerstones cornerstone
economy economy
region region
idea idea
tame tame
dragons dragon
ranging ranging
far far
wide wide
eating eating
whatever whatever
feel feel
like like
including including
children child
Danerys Danerys
visited visited
Quaithe Quaithe
warns warns
others others
descending descending
Soon Soon
comes come
pale pale
mare mare
others others
Kraken Kraken
dark dark
flame flame
lion lion
griffin griffin
suns sun
son son
mummers mummer
dragon dragon
lion lion
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
lately lately
fled fled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
accusations accusation
regicide regicide
kinslaying kinslaying
smuggled smuggled
Pentos Pentos
help help
Varys Varys
left left
care care
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
supporter supporter
Daenerys Daenerys
Tyrion Tyrion
decides decides
offer offer
services service
makes make
journey journey
company company
tall tall
taciturn taciturn
knight knight
Griff Griff
son son
Young Young
Griff Griff
Tyrion Tyrion
takes take
note note
care care
Young Young
Griff Griff
tutored tutored
well well
coloring coloring
deduces deduces
boy boy
actually actually
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
longbelieveddead longbelieveddead
son son
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Elia Elia
Dorne Dorne
father father
Griff Griff
actually actually
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
Whilst Whilst
town town
Selhorys Selhorys
Tyrion Tyrion
waylaid waylaid
Penny Penny
dwarf dwarf
woman woman
hired hired
entertainment entertainment
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheons Baratheons
royal royal
wedding wedding
whose whose
brother brother
performing performing
partner partner
killed killed
Cerseis Cerseis
purge purge
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
kidnaps kidnaps
prize prize
win win
way way
back back
Daeneryss Daeneryss
graces grace
Unfortunately Unfortunately
Selaesori Selaesori
Qhoran Qhoran
ship ship
Mormont Mormont
hires hire
take take
Volantis Volantis
waylaid waylaid
slavers slaver
Tyrion Tyrion
Penny Penny
sold sold
markets market
shadow shadow
Meereen Meereen
claiming claiming
entertainment entertainment
act act
Tyrion Tyrion
sneaks sneak
way way
camp camp
Second Second
Sons Sons
led led
Brown Brown
Ben Ben
Plumm Plumm
Tyrion Tyrion
pledges pledge
sword sword
another another
step step
getting getting
closer closer
Daenerys Daenerys
kraken kraken
Victarion Victarion
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Captain Captain
Iron Iron
Fleet Fleet
sails sail
forces force
east east
towards towards
Meereen Meereen
Victarion Victarion
given given
possession possession
Eurons Eurons
dragonbinding dragonbinding
horn horn
also also
comes come
across across
red red
priest priest
Moqorro Moqorro
last last
seen seen
Tyrions Tyrions
ship ship
washed washed
overboard overboard
long long
slavers slaver
attacked attacked
Moqorro Moqorro
brings brings
Victarion Victarion
believe believe
Rhllor Rhllor
Lord Lord
Light Light
demonstrating demonstrating
power power
claims claim
know know
use use
dragon dragon
horn horn
safely safely
Victarions Victarions
men men
call call
priest priest
Black Black
Flame Flame
Moqorro Moqorro
proves prof
difficult difficult
pronounce pronounce
Prince Prince
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Sunspear Sunspear
traveling traveling
east east
well well
parchment parchment
signed signed
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
many many
years year
ago ago
establishing establishing
elder elder
sister sister
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
wed wed
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
comes come
age age
Prince Prince
Dorans Dorans
wish wish
Quentyn Quentyn
Daenerys Daenerys
stand stand
place place
deceased deceased
elder elder
siblings sibling
matter matter
arrives arrives
late late
finding finding
Daenerys Daenerys
enter enter
political political
marriage marriage
Meereenese Meereenese
noble noble
Quentyn Quentyn
left left
bad bad
position position
new new
husband husband
tries try
poisoned poisoned
tactic tactic
notorious notorious
Quentyns Quentyns
uncle uncle
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
lastditch lastditch
effort effort
prove prove
worth worth
Quentyn Quentyn
visits visit
Danys Danys
two two
dragons dragon
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
attempts attempt
tame tame
dies dy
burns burn
three three
days day
later later
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
never never
arrive arrive
Meereen Meereen
hired hired
Golden Golden
Company Company
group group
sellswords sellswords
founded founded
Westerosi Westerosi
exiles exile
company company
Aegon Aegon
shows show
listened listened
Tyrions Tyrions
counsel counsel
time time
together together
despite despite
Tyrion Tyrion
admonishing admonishing
trust trust
one one
especially especially
suggests suggests
attacking attacking
Westeros Westeros
establishing establishing
beachhead beachhead
Daenerys Daenerys
later later
reinforce reinforce
Aegon Aegon
seeks seek
Daeneryss Daeneryss
hand hand
keenly keenly
aware aware
must must
something something
worthwhile worthwhile
offer offer
besides besides
bloodline bloodline
nephew nephew
first first
conquest conquest
landing landing
Golden Golden
Company Company
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
Conningtons Conningtons
former former
seat seat
relief relief
exiled exiled
lord lord
contracted contracted
terminal terminal
disease disease
greyscale greyscale
travels travel
main main
target target
Storms Storms
End End
siege siege
Aegon Aegon
proposes proposes
lead lead
Unlike Unlike
symbolism symbolism
Quaithes Quaithes
references reference
pale pale
mare mare
literal literal
horse horse
carrying carrying
refugee refugee
Astapor Astapor
brings brings
gift gift
plague plague
coincidence coincidence
contract contract
said said
riding riding
pale pale
mare mare
bloody bloody
flux flux
ravages ravage
Meereenese Meereenese
armies army
Yunkish Yunkish
slaves slave
sellsword sellsword
companies company
drawn drawn
attack attack
advent advent
allows allows
Tyrion Tyrion
Penny Penny
Jorah Jorah
escape escape
captivity captivity
amongst amongst
things thing
advice advice
councilors councilors
Daenerys Daenerys
marries marries
Hizdahr Hizdahr
zo zo
Loraq Loraq
leading leading
noble noble
able able
pacify pacify
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
broker broker
ceasefire ceasefire
Meereen Meereen
aggressors aggressor
include include
Volantis Volantis
Qarth Qarth
Yunkai Yunkai
however however
gives give
attraction attraction
Daario Daario
Naharis Naharis
ceremony ceremony
also also
locks lock
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
away away
keep keep
eating eating
anyone anyone
unable unable
capture capture
Drogon Drogon
escapes escape
wild wild
part part
wedding wedding
feast feast
Daenerys Daenerys
goes go
wishes wish
allows allows
fighting fighting
pits pit
Meereen Meereen
reopen reopen
present present
first first
pit pit
fighting fighting
games game
Drogon Drogon
drawn drawn
noise noise
chaos chaos
Daenerys Daenerys
leaps leap
Drogons Drogons
back back
two two
fly fly
away away
Daznaks Daznaks
Pit Pit
leaving leaving
Meereen Meereen
largely largely
hands hand
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
takes take
rulership rulership
narration narration
Barristan Barristan
becomes becomes
convinced convinced
Hizdahr Hizdahr
trying trying
poison poison
Daenerys Daenerys
sweetmeat sweetmeat
offered offered
turned turned
almost almost
kill kill
Strong Strong
Belwas Belwas
ate ate
instead instead
able able
organize organize
coup coup
Hizdahr Hizdahr
Barristans Barristans
attempts attempt
rebroker rebroker
peace peace
fail fail
war war
begins begin
earnest earnest
final final
chapter chapter
aside aside
epilogue epilogue
Daeneryss Daeneryss
attempts attempt
return return
foot foot
Meereen Meereen
hill hill
southern southern
reaches reach
Dothraki Dothraki
sea sea
Drogon Drogon
taken taken
haunt haunt
encountered encountered
khalasar khalasar
Khal Khal
Jhaqo Jhaqo
novel novel
ends end
chapters chapter
deal deal
fate fate
trainee trainee
House House
Black Black
White White
girl girl
formerly formerly
known known
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
currently currently
blind blind
revealed revealed
blindness blindness
yet yet
another another
step step
training training
maintained maintained
potion potion
given given
every every
night night
refuses refuse
antidote antidote
knowing knowing
yield yield
released released
training training
passing passing
blind blind
portion portion
regimen regimen
successfully successfully
orchestrating orchestrating
assassination assassination
hated hated
insurance insurance
agent agent
officially officially
advanced advanced
training training
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Kingslayer Kingslayer
travels travel
Raventree Raventree
Hall Hall
seat seat
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Blackwood Blackwood
rival rival
Lord Lord
Jonos Jonos
Bracken Bracken
commands command
siege siege
Raventree Raventree
Tytos Tytos
final final
bannerman bannerman
Robb Robb
Starks Starks
still still
arms arm
yields yield
presented presented
someone someone
surrender surrender
lifelong lifelong
feud feud
night night
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
arrives arrives
Jaimes Jaimes
campsite campsite
claiming claiming
found found
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
take take
ser ser
need need
come come
alone alone
Elsewise Elsewise
Hound Hound
kill kill
falsehood falsehood
revealed revealed
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Brienne Brienne
knows know
Arya Arya
last last
seen seen
alone alone
Saltpans Saltpans
Hound Hound
dead dead
buried buried
source source
trusts trust
motivation motivation
lie lie
yet yet
explained explained
Presumably Presumably
however however
given given
actions action
end end
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
leading leading
Lady Lady
Stoneheart Stoneheart
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
captain captain
guards guard
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
observes observes
goingson goingson
Sunspear Sunspear
Doran Doran
reveals reveals
late late
brother brother
Oberyns Oberyns
mistress mistress
Ellaria Ellaria
Sand Sand
Oberyns Oberyns
daughters daughter
Nymeria Nymeria
Tyene Tyene
Obara Obara
Sand Sand
convinced convinced
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
lie lie
events event
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martells Martells
botched botched
queenmaking queenmaking
attempt attempt
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakheart Oakheart
slain slain
Myrcella Myrcella
injured injured
Ser Ser
Gerold Gerold
Dayne Dayne
called called
Darkstar Darkstar
Since Since
Myrcella Myrcella
lost lost
ear ear
begin begin
agreed agreed
claim claim
Darkstar Darkstar
slew slew
Arys Arys
well well
Doran Doran
also also
decided decided
deny deny
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannisters Lannisters
request request
son son
Prince Prince
Trystane Trystane
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Myrcella Myrcella
ambush ambush
planned planned
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannisters Lannisters
name name
would would
result result
Trystanes Trystanes
death death
Doran Doran
dispatches dispatch
Nym Nym
Tyene Tyene
instead instead
one one
take take
small small
council council
seat seat
join join
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
thus thus
giving giving
eyes eye
ears ear
capital capital
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
continues continues
captivity captivity
Great Great
Sept Sept
period period
enforced enforced
sleeplessness sleeplessness
confesses confesses
High High
Septon Septon
charges charge
fornication fornication
incest incest
Lancel Lancel
though though
adultery adultery
slaying slaying
King King
Robert Robert
gains gain
right right
receive receive
visitors visitor
particularly particularly
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
reveals reveals
news news
Myrcellas Myrcellas
injury injury
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakhearts Oakhearts
death death
Dorne Dorne
Cersei Cersei
relieved relieved
allows allows
name name
Qyburns Qyburns
silent silent
champion champion
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Strong Strong
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Oakhearts Oakhearts
place place
giving giving
chance chance
win win
trial trial
combat combat
Eventually Eventually
released released
Red Red
Keep Keep
spend spend
time time
son son
trial trial
must must
walk walk
entire entire
way way
naked naked
suffering suffering
humiliation humiliation
smallfolk smallfolk
epilogue epilogue
closes close
novel novel
viewpoint viewpoint
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
late late
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
staunchest staunchest
supporter supporter
current current
regent regent
light light
Cerseis Cerseis
judicial judicial
troubles trouble
supping supping
Cersei Cersei
King King
Tommen Tommen
noting noting
nieces niece
nowbroken nowbroken
spirit spirit
Kevan Kevan
called called
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelles Pycelles
quarters quarter
receive receive
white white
raven raven
Citadel Citadel
Oldtown Oldtown
traditional traditional
sign sign
winter winter
come come
Kevan Kevan
finds find
Pycelle Pycelle
dead dead
regent regent
assassinated assassinated
Varys Varys
threatening threatening
undo undo
queens queen
good good
work work
reconcile reconcile
Highgarden Highgarden
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
bind bind
Faith Faith
little little
king king
unite unite
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Tommens Tommens
rule rule
Kevan Kevan
dead dead
Varys Varys
claims claim
way way
opened opened
Aegon Aegon
assume assume
throne throne
Martin Martin
offered offered
glimpses glimpse
book book
several several
times time
Published Published
website website
Published Published
promotionally promotionally
Bantam Bantam
Read Read
conventions convention
events event
perhaps perhaps
incompletely incompletely
fourth fourth
novel novel
series series
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
published published
missing missing
many many
key key
characters character
book book
gotten gotten
far far
large large
publish publish
one one
volume volume
Rather Rather
simply simply
split split
half half
publish publish
Part Part
Part Part
Martin Martin
decided decided
split split
book book
character character
location location
decision decision
apparently apparently
inspired inspired
conversation conversation
Martins Martins
friend friend
fellow fellow
writer writer
Daniel Daniel
Abraham Abraham
Thus Thus
characters character
south south
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
new new
locations location
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Dorne Dorne
appeared appeared
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Characters Characters
North North
across across
sea sea
held held
back back
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
appear appear
volumes volume
Approximately Approximately
onethird onethird
published published
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
consists consists
material material
written written
presplit presplit
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
although although
much much
rewritten rewritten
Martin Martin
Martin Martin
also also
promised promised
try try
include include
catchup catchup
chapters chapter
end end
novel novel
reveal reveal
happened happened
novels novel
characters character
cliffhanger cliffhanger
endings ending
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
Jaime Jaime
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
second second
form form
split split
occurred occurred
involving involving
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
book book
originally originally
published published
single single
volume volume
middle middle
starting starting
around around
March March
many many
English English
language language
editions edition
designed designed
two two
volumes volume
similar similar
decision decision
taken taken
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
first first
half half
split split
editions edition
subtitled subtitled
Dreams Dreams
Dust Dust
second second
half half
received received
subtitle subtitle
Feast Feast
supposedly supposedly
include include
chapters chapter
happen happen
chronologically chronologically
end end
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
page page
Arya Arya
passes pass
Cult Cult
Starry Starry
Wisdom Wisdom
organization organization
originated originated
H H
P P
Lovecrafts Lovecrafts
short short
story story
Haunter Haunter
Dark Dark
English English
language language
editions edition
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
published published
Random Random
House House
United United
States States
way way
division division
Bantam Bantam
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
United United
Kingdom Kingdom
book book
first first
published published
July July
hardcovers hardcover
Bantam Bantam
Harper Harper
Collins Collins
March March
first first
MMP MMP
Mass Mass
Market Market
Paperbacks Paperbacks
published published
editions edition
also also
exist exist
American American
MMP MMP
greatly greatly
expected expected
financial financial
considerations consideration
due due
promise promise
new new
sample sample
chapter chapter
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Pentos Pentos
one one
Free Free
Cities Cities
western western
Essos Essos
port port
located located
eastern eastern
coast coast
Bay Bay
Pentos Pentos
Pentos Pentos
large large
port port
city city
populous populous
Astapor Astapor
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
Located Located
closest closest
Free Free
Cities Cities
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Westeros Westeros
Pentos Pentos
one one
westernmost westernmost
Free Free
Cities Cities
city city
lies lie
Bay Bay
Pentos Pentos
narrow narrow
sea sea
Flatlands Flatlands
Velvet Velvet
Hills Hills
east east
Even Even
though though
Pentos Pentos
massive massive
high high
walls wall
often often
regarded regarded
vulnerable vulnerable
Free Free
Cities Cities
city city
many many
square square
brick brick
towers tower
roofing roofing
done done
tiles tile
Pentos Pentos
walled walled
estates estate
manses manse
belonging belonging
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
Khal Khal
Drogo Drogo
Sunrise Sunrise
Gate Gate
allows allows
traveller traveller
exit exit
city city
east east
direction direction
Rhoyne Rhoyne
fastest fastest
way way
Volantis Volantis
Pentos Pentos
sea sea
large large
red red
temple temple
located located
city city
red red
priests priest
known known
sing sing
light light
night night
fires fire
Pentoshi Pentoshi
descend descend
Andals Andals
Valyrians Valyrians
slaves slave
ancient ancient
peoples people
Like Like
Braavosi Braavosi
Lyseni Lyseni
Pentoshi Pentoshi
great great
lovers lover
song song
generous generous
please please
men men
dye dye
oil oil
fork fork
beards beard
Pentos Pentos
much much
higher higher
population population
Astapor Astapor
Bastard Bastard
Valyrian Valyrian
spoken spoken
Pentos Pentos
Numerous Numerous
gods god
worshipped worshipped
Pentos Pentos
including including
Rhllor Rhllor
Pentos Pentos
city city
wealth wealth
equals equal
power power
ruled ruled
prince prince
council council
rich rich
magisters magisters
prince prince
mostly mostly
ceremonial ceremonial
function function
however however
magisters magisters
rule rule
prince prince
chosen chosen
forty forty
families family
presides presides
chiefly chiefly
balls ball
feasts feast
carried carried
place place
place place
rich rich
palanquin palanquin
handsome handsome
guard guard
new new
year year
deflowers deflowers
two two
maidens maiden
maid maid
sea sea
maid maid
fields field
ensure ensure
prosperity prosperity
land land
sea sea
famine famine
war war
lost lost
magisters magisters
sacrifice sacrifice
prince prince
slit slit
throat throat
appease appease
gods god
choose choose
new new
prince prince
Slavery Slavery
heavily heavily
practiced practiced
Pentoshi Pentoshi
history history
Braavos Braavos
imposed imposed
abolition abolition
several several
wars war
Pentoshi Pentoshi
ships ship
flout flout
laws law
however however
running running
Lysene Lysene
Myrish Myrish
banners banner
challenged challenged
Pentos Pentos
full full
free free
bond bond
servants servant
collared collared
branded branded
like like
slaves slave
Lys Lys
Myr Myr
Tyrosh Tyrosh
Although Although
free free
men men
women woman
law law
cost cost
food food
clothing clothing
shelter shelter
higher higher
value value
service service
become become
indebted indebted
masters master
Pentos Pentos
allowed allowed
Braavos Braavos
twenty twenty
warships warship
allowed allowed
hire hire
sellswords sellswords
make make
contracts contract
free free
companies company
maintain maintain
army army
consequence consequence
Pentoshi Pentoshi
less le
belligerent belligerent
Lyseni Lyseni
Myrmen Myrmen
Tyroshi Tyroshi
Pentoshi Pentoshi
friendly friendly
Free Free
Cities Cities
generous generous
Dothraki Dothraki
horselords horselords
Pentos Pentos
known known
bravos bravo
Pentoshi Pentoshi
involved involved
trade trade
ships ship
daily daily
passing passing
forth forth
Pentos Pentos
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Westeros Westeros
One One
galley galley
Storm Storm
Dancer Dancer
Pentos Pentos
produces produce
pale pale
amber amber
wine wine
Teeming Teeming
bazaars bazaar
found found
Pentos Pentos
well well
Slavery Slavery
forbidden forbidden
Pentos Pentos
since since
last last
war war
Braavos Braavos
Nonetheless Nonetheless
many many
servants servant
slaves slave
name name
One One
Pentoshi Pentoshi
merchant merchant
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
deals deal
spices spice
gemstones gemstone
dragonbone dragonbone
well well
less le
savory savory
things thing
According According
semicanon semicanon
sources source
square square
brick brick
towers tower
controlled controlled
spice spice
traders trader
Pentos Pentos
send send
ships ship
distant distant
locations location
trade trade
saffron saffron
peppers pepper
poorer poorer
population population
Pentos Pentos
however however
struggles struggle
many many
become become
performers performer
training training
singers singer
tumblers tumbler
multiple multiple
generations generation
perfecting perfecting
art art
Pentos Pentos
founded founded
merchants merchant
traders trader
seafarers seafarer
farmers farmer
Valyrian Valyrian
Freehold Freehold
trading trading
outpost outpost
Many Many
smallfolk smallfolk
bred bred
local local
Andals Andals
Pentoshi Pentoshi
less le
protective protective
Valyrian Valyrian
blood blood
Free Free
Cities Cities
claim claim
Pentos Pentos
existed existed
colonization colonization
original original
inhabitants inhabitant
decided decided
pay pay
homage homage
Freehold Freehold
citing citing
Gessio Gessio
Haratiss Haratiss
Dragons Dragons
source source
Pentos Pentos
grew grew
control control
almost almost
Andalos Andalos
domains domain
stretching stretching
Velvet Velvet
Hills Hills
Little Little
Rhoyne Rhoyne
narrow narrow
sea sea
Century Century
Blood Blood
slowly slowly
came came
end end
Pentos Pentos
joined joined
Tyrosh Tyrosh
resistance resistance
Volantis Volantis
conquered conquered
Lys Lys
Myr Myr
Volantene Volantene
attempt attempt
seize seize
control control
Old Old
Valyria Valyria
left left
behind behind
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Lord Lord
Dragonstone Dragonstone
invited invited
Pentos Pentos
agreed agreed
support support
Pentos Pentos
Tyrosh Tyrosh
Atop Atop
Balerion Balerion
Aegon Aegon
used used
dragonfire dragonfire
destroy destroy
Volantene Volantene
fleet fleet
Lys Lys
later later
became became
first first
Lord Lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
Westeros Westeros
AC AC
Prince Prince
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
exiled exiled
brother brother
King King
Aenys Aenys
Targaryen Targaryen
Pentos Pentos
Aenys Aenys
died died
AC AC
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
flew flew
Pentos Pentos
retrieve retrieve
exiled exiled
son son
Maegors Maegors
second second
wife wife
Queen Queen
Alys Alys
Harroway Harroway
remained remained
Pentos Pentos
arriving arriving
Westeros Westeros
trial trial
seven seven
came came
Pentoshi Pentoshi
beauty beauty
called called
Tyanna Tyanna
rumored rumored
bastard bastard
daughter daughter
magister magister
would would
become become
Maegors Maegors
third third
wife wife
Lords Lords
Buckwell Buckwell
Rollingford Rollingford
sailed sailed
Pentos Pentos
Maegors Maegors
death death
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Benifer Benifer
also also
sought sought
exile exile
Pentos Pentos
time time
Twentytwo Twentytwo
Pentoshi Pentoshi
magisters magisters
attended attended
Golden Golden
Wedding Wedding
AC AC
Although Although
richest richest
man man
Pentos Pentos
lowborn lowborn
Rego Rego
Draz Draz
unable unable
join join
council council
magisters magisters
Rego Rego
instead instead
became became
master master
coin coin
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
following following
year year
AC AC
Elissa Elissa
Farman Farman
discreetly discreetly
sailed sailed
Driftmark Driftmark
Pentos Pentos
traveled traveled
land land
Braavos Braavos
Pentos Pentos
Tyrosh Tyrosh
began began
war war
AC AC
significantly significantly
disrupted disrupted
trade trade
narrow narrow
sea sea
Ser Ser
Willam Willam
Wasp Wasp
searched searched
Balerion Balerion
Velvet Velvet
Hills Hills
party party
ambushed ambushed
brigands brigand
AC AC
Jahaerys Jahaerys
refused refused
Lord Lord
Myles Myles
Smallwoods Smallwoods
recommendation recommendation
punish punish
Pentos Pentos
AC AC
Tyroshi Tyroshi
Pentoshi Pentoshi
requested requested
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
mediate mediate
negotiations negotiation
end end
dispute dispute
Prince Prince
Pentos Pentos
Archon Archon
Tyrosh Tyrosh
traveled traveled
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
conduct conduct
negotiations negotiation
person person
concluded concluded
Treaty Treaty
Eternal Eternal
Peace Peace
treaty treaty
well well
received received
magisters magisters
sacrificed sacrificed
Prince Prince
Pentos Pentos
gods god
Roy Roy
Connington Connington
fled fled
exile exile
Pentos Pentos
Myr Myr
scandalized scandalized
Princess Princess
Saera Saera
Targaryen Targaryen
Sea Sea
Snake Snake
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
sailed sailed
Pentos Pentos
uncle uncle
six six
years year
old old
returned returned
Free Free
City City
ship ship
later later
years year
AC AC
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
married married
Lady Lady
Laena Laena
Velaryon Velaryon
Since Since
Daemon Daemon
realized realized
brother brother
King King
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
would would
pleased pleased
heard heard
marriage marriage
newlyweds newlywed
left left
Westeros Westeros
travelled travelled
Pentos Pentos
instead instead
Prince Prince
Pentos Pentos
entertained entertained
Pentoshi Pentoshi
feared feared
increasing increasing
strength strength
Triarchy Triarchy
Pentos Pentos
saw saw
Daemon Daemon
valuable valuable
ally ally
Though Though
Daemon Daemon
Laena Laena
travelled travelled
elsewhere elsewhere
well well
returned returned
Pentos Pentos
time time
Laena Laena
learned learned
pregnant pregnant
remained remained
manse manse
outside outside
city city
walls wall
guests guest
Pentoshi Pentoshi
magister magister
twin twin
daughters daughter
Baela Baela
Rhaena Rhaena
Targaryen Targaryen
born born
Pentos Pentos
AC AC
Daemon Daemon
Laena Laena
remained remained
another another
half half
year year
returned returned
Driftmark Driftmark
Since Since
Daemon Daemon
many many
Pentoshi Pentoshi
friends friend
Prince Prince
Jacaerys Jacaerys
Velaryon Velaryon
decided decided
younger younger
halfbrothers halfbrothers
Aegon Aegon
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
would would
fostered fostered
Prince Prince
Pentos Pentos
mother mother
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
secured secured
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
young young
princes prince
departed departed
Pentoshi Pentoshi
cog cog
Gay Gay
Abandon Abandon
towards towards
end end
AC AC
ship ship
intercepted intercepted
shortly shortly
Battle Battle
Gullet Gullet
Representatives Representatives
Pentos Pentos
attended attended
coronation coronation
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
AC AC
Pentos Pentos
joined joined
alliance alliance
Braavos Braavos
Lorath Lorath
order order
bring bring
Triarchy Triarchy
Daughters Daughters
War War
Lord Lord
Unwin Unwin
Peake Peake
sent sent
Ser Ser
Gedmund Gedmund
Peake Peake
Lord Lord
Alyn Alyn
Velaryon Velaryon
conquer conquer
Stepstones Stepstones
islands island
occupied occupied
Racallio Racallio
Ryndoon Ryndoon
Pentoshi Pentoshi
sellswords sellswords
Racallio Racallio
eventually eventually
allied allied
Sealord Sealord
Braavos Braavos
Archon Archon
Tyrosh Tyrosh
however however
disregarding disregarding
Pentoshi Pentoshi
claims claim
Archon Archon
later later
hired hired
Pentoshi Pentoshi
sellswords sellswords
daughter daughter
Prince Prince
Pentos Pentos
first first
woman woman
presented presented
Maidens Maidens
Day Day
Cattle Cattle
Show Show
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
reign reign
King King
Daeron Daeron
Targaryen Targaryen
Pentos Pentos
Lys Lys
war war
Braavos Braavos
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Kaeth Kaeth
discusses discus
length length
book book
Lives Lives
Four Four
Kings Kings
Daeron Daeron
entered entered
talks talk
regarding regarding
marriage marriage
alliance alliance
Braavos Braavos
concerning concerning
Sealord Sealord
Braavos Braavos
one one
Daerons Daerons
sisters sister
emboldened emboldened
Free Free
Cities Cities
lend lend
aid aid
Dornish Dornish
rebels rebel
past past
two two
centuries century
Pentos Pentos
lost lost
four four
six six
wars war
Braavos Braavos
slavery slavery
control control
lands land
waters water
two two
cities city
Four Four
princes prince
elected elected
sacrificed sacrificed
within within
year year
last last
war war
ended ended
AC AC
achieving achieving
victory victory
rumored rumored
purchased purchased
bribery bribery
Nevio Nevio
Narratys Narratys
fifth fifth
Prince Prince
Pentos Pentos
within within
year year
convinced convinced
magisters magisters
sue sue
peace peace
Braavos Braavos
forced forced
Pentos Pentos
abolish abolish
slavery slavery
withdraw withdraw
slave slave
trade trade
Braavos Braavos
since since
limited limited
Pentoshi Pentoshi
military military
forces force
prevented prevented
city city
hiring hiring
sellswords sellswords
magisters magisters
become become
friendly friendly
Dothraki Dothraki
khals khals
showering showering
gifts gift
whenever whenever
near near
city city
AC AC
man man
known known
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
twentythree twentythree
years year
old old
time time
chosen chosen
magisters magisters
Pentos Pentos
new new
Prince Prince
Pentos Pentos
shortly shortly
beheading beheading
previous previous
one one
Instead Instead
accepting accepting
offer offer
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
fled fled
Disputed Disputed
Lands Lands
later later
forming forming
free free
company company
called called
Windblown Windblown
bravo bravo
youth youth
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
protected protected
despised despised
eunuch eunuch
Varys Varys
Pentos Pentos
began began
work work
together together
Varys Varys
stealing stealing
Pentoshi Pentoshi
Illyrio Illyrio
returning returning
goods good
fee fee
friends friend
became became
influential influential
Varys Varys
began began
training training
mice mouse
acquire acquire
secrets secret
information information
Illyrio Illyrio
became became
respected respected
cousin cousin
prince prince
offered offered
hand hand
daughter daughter
marriage marriage
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sent sent
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Pentos Pentos
Varys Varys
named named
spymaster spymaster
sometime sometime
death death
Lord Lord
Steffon Steffon
Baratheon Baratheon
AC AC
Varys Varys
master master
whisperers whisperer
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
employs employ
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
spy spy
Pentos Pentos
Illyrio Illyrio
hosted hosted
exiled exiled
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
manse manse
almost almost
six six
months month
Pentoshi Pentoshi
refer refer
Viserys Viserys
beggar beggar
king king
eunuch eunuch
slave slave
Belwas Belwas
sold sold
Meereen Meereen
Qohor Qohor
afterwards afterwards
Pentos Pentos
Dothraki Dothraki
khalasar khalasar
led led
Khal Khal
Drogo Drogo
arrives arrives
city city
leading leading
magisters magisters
Pentos Pentos
double double
city city
guard guard
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
brokers broker
marriage marriage
guest guest
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Khal Khal
Drogo Drogo
Daenerys Daenerys
presented presented
Drogo Drogo
ninetowered ninetowered
manse manse
Drogo Drogo
given given
city city
wedding wedding
ceremony ceremony
held held
field field
outside outside
city city
Drogo Drogo
new new
bride bride
khalasar khalasar
depart depart
city city
shortly shortly
ceremony ceremony
heading heading
Vaes Vaes
Dothrak Dothrak
Arstan Arstan
Whitebeard Whitebeard
Strong Strong
Belwas Belwas
sail sail
Pentos Pentos
New New
Ghis Ghis
Qarth Qarth
meet meet
Daenerys Daenerys
intent intent
give give
transportation transportation
back back
Pentos Pentos
Less Less
fortnight fortnight
departure departure
Qarth Qarth
Pyat Pyat
Pree Pree
three three
fellow fellow
warlocks warlock
set set
Pentos Pentos
seeking seeking
Daenerys Daenerys
Led Led
Groleo Groleo
Illyrios Illyrios
three three
ships ship
sail sail
Qarth Qarth
Pentos Pentos
Daenerys Daenerys
people people
three three
dragons dragon
aboard aboard
journey journey
however however
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
counsels counsel
Daenerys Daenerys
sail sail
Astapor Astapor
buy buy
Unsullied Unsullied
Daenerys Daenerys
heeds heed
counsel counsel
turning turning
away away
original original
plan plan
sail sail
Pentos Pentos
Pentos Pentos
Oppo Oppo
Penny Penny
approached approached
man man
wishes wish
hire hire
wedding wedding
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Lady Lady
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
orders order
Lord Lord
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
Seastrider Seastrider
sails sail
Oldtown Oldtown
Tyrosh Tyrosh
Pentos Pentos
Duskendale Duskendale
Maidenpool Maidenpool
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
spots spot
two two
battered battered
Pentoshi Pentoshi
cogs cog
harbor harbor
Braavos Braavos
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
describes describes
Pentos Pentos
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
Cinnamon Cinnamon
Wind Wind
stops stop
city city
According According
Illyrio Illyrio
Magister Magister
Ordello Ordello
poisoned poisoned
mushroom mushroom
half half
year year
ago ago
Varys Varys
smuggles smuggles
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
dwarf dwarf
stays stay
Illyrios Illyrios
manse manse
brief brief
sojourn sojourn
Pentos Pentos
Illyrio Illyrio
explains explains
serve serve
Daenerys Daenerys
best best
Pentos Pentos
smoothing smoothing
way way
return return
sending sending
Tyrion Tyrion
instead instead
Illyrio Illyrio
planned planned
Golden Golden
Company Company
meet meet
Daenerys Daenerys
dragons dragon
Pentos Pentos
invade invade
Westeros Westeros
plan plan
went went
awry awry
dragon dragon
queen queen
instead instead
sailed sailed
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
Penny Penny
later later
tells tell
Tyrion Tyrion
Oppo Oppo
hired hired
Pentos Pentos
man man
perform perform
Joffreys Joffreys
wedding wedding
trading trading
galley galley
Pentos Pentos
travelling travelling
Bay Bay
Seals Seals
commandeered commandeered
Cotter Cotter
Pyke Pyke
commander commander
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
orders order
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Lazy Lazy
Eel Eel
White White
Harbor Harbor
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
learns learns
captain captain
SloeEyed SloeEyed
Maid Maid
spoken spoken
Pentos Pentos
dragons dragon
Qarth Qarth
Prince Prince
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
spots spot
Pentoshi Pentoshi
ships ship
Volantis Volantis
Pentoshi Pentoshi
nobleman nobleman
known known
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
leads lead
Windblown Windblown
sellsword sellsword
company company
One One
sellswords sellswords
Pretty Pretty
Meris Meris
imprisoned imprisoned
Meereen Meereen
Quentyn Quentyn
reveals reveals
Meris Meris
deserted deserted
Yunkai Yunkai
claimed claimed
Meris Meris
tells tell
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
Windblown Windblown
would would
willing willing
come come
Daenerys Daenerys
second second
siege siege
Meereen Meereen
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
granted granted
Pentos Pentos
Daenerys Daenerys
refuses refuse
Quentyn Quentyn
meets meet
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
Daenerys Daenerys
disappears disappears
Meereen Meereen
since since
Quentyn Quentyn
requires requires
assistance assistance
stealing stealing
remaining remaining
two two
dragons dragon
locked locked
dragon dragon
pit pit
Quentyn Quentyn
agrees agrees
help help
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
gain gain
Pentos Pentos
make make
marks mark
paper paper
death death
Quentyn Quentyn
dragonfire dragonfire
Barristan Barristan
Queens Queens
Hand Hand
guesses guess
Pentos Pentos
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
wants want
hatches hatch
plan plan
bring bring
sellsword sellsword
Daeneryss Daeneryss
side side
absence absence
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
tasks task
Ser Ser
Harys Harys
Swyft Swyft
negotiating negotiating
loans loan
magisters magisters
Pentos Pentos
Iron Iron
Bank Bank
Braavos Braavos
slavery slavery
free free
city city
Pentos Pentos
Nonetheless Nonetheless
slavesArstan slavesArstan
sellswords sellswords
Pentos Pentos
Myr Myr
Tyrosh Tyrosh
hire hire
man man
kills kill
coin coin
honor honor
least least
slaves slave
Find Find
army army
beg beg
youDaenerys youDaenerys
brother brother
visited visited
Pentos Pentos
Myr Myr
Braavos Braavos
near near
Free Free
Cities Cities
magisters magisters
archons archons
fed fed
wine wine
promises promise
soul soul
starved starved
death death
man man
can can
not not
sup sup
beggars beggar
bowl bowl
life life
stay stay
man man
taste taste
Qarth Qarth
enough enough
come come
Pentos Pentos
bowl bowl
handBarristan handBarristan
Tattered Tattered
Prince Prince
want want
coin coin
Grace Grace
Meris Meris
says say
wants want
PentosDaenerys PentosDaenerys
Pentos Pentos
give give
Pentos Pentos
half half
world world
awayBarristan awayBarristan
would would
willing willing
wait wait
woman woman
Meris Meris
suggested suggested
march march
WesterosDaenerys WesterosDaenerys
Pentos Pentos
belongs belongs
Pentoshi Pentoshi
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
Pentos Pentos
arranged arranged
marriage marriage
Khal Khal
Drogo Drogo
gave gave
dragon dragon
eggs egg
sent sent
Belwas Belwas
Groleo Groleo
owe owe
much much
repay repay
debt debt
giving giving
city city
sellsword sellsword
NoIn NoIn
Pentos Pentos
saying saying
Never Never
ask ask
baker baker
went went
pie pie
eat† eat†
Ruined Ruined
destroyed destroyed
cities city
Myles Myles
Smallwood Smallwood
Lord Lord
Acorn Acorn
Hall Hall
head head
House House
Smallwood Smallwood
reigns reign
kings king
Aenys Aenys
Maegor Maegor
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Renowned Renowned
courage courage
briefly briefly
served served
Hand Hand
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Myles Myles
face face
body body
bore bore
scars scar
dozen dozen
savage savage
battles battle
Myles Myles
famous famous
courage courage
greatly greatly
admired admired
martial martial
skill skill
loyalty loyalty
speech speech
blunt blunt
point point
AC AC
Lord Lord
Myles Myles
rode rode
beside beside
Lord Lord
Alyn Alyn
Stokeworth Stokeworth
Hand Hand
King King
Aenys Aenys
Targaryen Targaryen
Alyn Alyn
hunting hunting
outlaw outlaw
Harren Harren
Red Red
AC AC
faced faced
Wat Wat
Hewer Hewer
single single
combat combat
battle battle
Stonebridge Stonebridge
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
uprising uprising
Myles Myles
fought fought
side side
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Uncrowned Uncrowned
Battle Battle
Beneath Beneath
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
King King
Maegor Maegor
Cruel Cruel
One One
Myless Myless
sworn sworn
swords sword
Ser Ser
Willam Willam
Wasp Wasp
victor victor
War War
White White
Cloaks Cloaks
Willam Willam
joined joined
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Lord Lord
Daemon Daemon
Velaryon Velaryon
resigned resigned
AC AC
Myles Myles
chosen chosen
new new
Hand Hand
Since Since
many many
Jaehaeryss Jaehaeryss
advisors advisor
bookish bookish
small small
council council
desired desired
king king
also also
advised advised
martial martial
man man
Lord Lord
Smallwood Smallwood
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
convinced convinced
recommendations recommendation
Ser Ser
Willam Willam
Wasp Wasp
liege liege
lords lord
Lord Lord
Prentys Prentys
Lady Lady
Lucinda Lucinda
Tully Tully
Myles Myles
disapproved disapproved
conduct conduct
kings king
sister sister
Rhaena Rhaena
toward toward
host host
Faircastle Faircastle
Lord Lord
Franklyn Franklyn
Farman Farman
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
take take
issue issue
Smallwoods Smallwoods
point point
words word
Willam Willam
slain slain
outlaws outlaw
Velvet Velvet
Hills Hills
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
declined declined
Myless Myless
advice advice
punish punish
Pentos Pentos
Although Although
undoubtedly undoubtedly
wellintentioned wellintentioned
leal leal
man man
Myles Myles
dismissed dismissed
Hand Hand
King King
AC AC
Lord Lord
Acorn Acorn
Hall Hall
proved proved
unsuited unsuited
office office
fact fact
even even
Myles Myles
acknowledged acknowledged
Lord Lord
Smallwood Smallwood
succeeded succeeded
office office
Septon Septon
Barth Barth
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
Hand Hand
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
concerned concerned
risen risen
high high
humble humble
origins origin
Davos Davos
suggests suggests
Hand Hand
battle battle
commander commander
Maester Maester
Pylos Pylos
reminds reminds
courageous courageous
Myles Myles
unsuccessful unsuccessful
Hand Hand
made made
sit sit
horse horse
cushionLord cushionLord
Butterwell Butterwell
renowned renowned
wit wit
Myles Myles
Smallwood Smallwood
courage courage
Ser Ser
Otto Otto
Hightower Hightower
learning learning
yet yet
failed failed
Hands Hands
every every
one one
Ser Ser
Brynden Brynden
Rivers Rivers
called called
Lord Lord
Bloodraven Bloodraven
bastard bastard
son son
King King
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
Targaryen Targaryen
sixth sixth
mistress mistress
Lady Lady
Melissa Melissa
Blackwood Blackwood
two two
older older
sisters sister
Mya Mya
Gwenys Gwenys
numerous numerous
halfsiblings halfsiblings
mother mother
highborn highborn
Brynden Brynden
counted counted
among among
Great Great
Bastards Bastards
Like Like
bastard bastard
siblings sibling
Brynden Brynden
legitimized legitimized
King King
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
AC AC
Bryndens Bryndens
personal personal
arms arm
white white
dragon dragon
red red
eyes eye
breathing breathing
red red
flame flame
black black
field field
Brynden Brynden
Targaryen Targaryen
loyalist loyalist
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellions Rebellions
served served
Hand Hand
King King
King King
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
King King
Maekar Maekar
Targaryen Targaryen
eventually eventually
sent sent
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
rose rose
position position
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Brynden Brynden
albino albino
thus thus
milkwhite milkwhite
skin skin
long long
white white
hair hair
red red
eyes eye
right right
side side
face face
red red
winestain winestain
birthmark birthmark
extended extended
throat throat
right right
cheek cheek
earned earned
name name
Bloodraven Bloodraven
birthmark birthmark
said said
look look
somewhat somewhat
like like
raven raven
drawn drawn
blood blood
However However
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
thought thought
birthmark birthmark
blotch blotch
According According
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
suggestion suggestion
raven raven
shape shape
like like
ink ink
blot blot
Brynden Brynden
tall tall
muscular muscular
half half
brothers brother
Daemon Daemon
Aegor Aegor
considered considered
cunning cunning
shade shade
six six
feet foot
tall tall
Brynden Brynden
thin thin
gaunt gaunt
grim grim
forbidding forbidding
aspect aspect
sharp sharp
vaguely vaguely
sinister sinister
features feature
typically typically
wore wore
colors color
scarlet scarlet
smoke smoke
dark dark
grey grey
mottled mottled
streaked streaked
black black
instance instance
one one
outfits outfit
included included
scarlet scarlet
tunic tunic
black black
boots boot
smokecolored smokecolored
cloak cloak
skin skin
sensitive sensitive
light light
usually usually
went went
cloaked cloaked
hooded hooded
Brynden Brynden
lost lost
eye eye
First First
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
rarely rarely
covered covered
empty empty
socket socket
patch patch
preferring preferring
display display
scar scar
empty empty
socket socket
world world
wore wore
white white
hair hair
straight straight
shoulders shoulder
front front
brushed brushed
forward forward
cover cover
missing missing
eye eye
Although Although
Brynden Brynden
carried carried
Valyrian Valyrian
steel steel
longsword longsword
Dark Dark
Sister Sister
good good
swordsman swordsman
expert expert
bowman bowman
preferred preferred
use use
tall tall
weirwood weirwood
longbow longbow
Brynden Brynden
rumored rumored
sinister sinister
sorcerer sorcerer
spymaster spymaster
effectively effectively
ruled ruled
kingdom kingdom
spies spy
spells spell
Lord Lord
Bloodraven Bloodraven
popular popular
riddle riddle
asked asked
many many
eyes eye
Lord Lord
Bloodraven Bloodraven
thousand thousand
eyes eye
one one
song song
Thousand Thousand
Eyes Eyes
One One
written written
Brynden Brynden
Brynden Brynden
born born
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
bastard bastard
son son
King King
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
Targaryen Targaryen
sixth sixth
mistress mistress
Lady Lady
Melissa Melissa
Blackwood Blackwood
replaced replaced
kings king
fifth fifth
mistress mistress
Lady Lady
Barba Barba
Bracken Bracken
Bryndens Bryndens
older older
sisters sister
Mya Mya
Gwenys Gwenys
Rivers Rivers
Although Although
Melissa Melissa
eventually eventually
dismissed dismissed
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
favor favor
seventh seventh
mistress mistress
Lady Lady
Bethany Bethany
Bracken Bracken
Brynden Brynden
able able
maintain maintain
close close
relations relation
court court
Melissas Melissas
popularity popularity
Brynden Brynden
resented resented
Barbas Barbas
bastard bastard
son son
Aegor Aegor
Rivers Rivers
nicknamed nicknamed
Bittersteel Bittersteel
point point
Brynden Brynden
became became
lover lover
halfsister halfsister
Shiera Shiera
Seastar Seastar
Aegor Aegor
desired desired
well well
Shiera Shiera
became became
another another
point point
rivalry rivalry
two two
halfsiblings halfsiblings
Brynden Brynden
would would
become become
Shieras Shieras
ardent ardent
admirer admirer
Like Like
bastard bastard
siblings sibling
Brynden Brynden
legitimized legitimized
father father
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
AC AC
king king
deathbed deathbed
First First
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Brynden Brynden
remained remained
loyal loyal
trueborn trueborn
halfbrother halfbrother
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
instead instead
joining joining
bastardborn bastardborn
halfbrother halfbrother
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Brynden Brynden
commanded commanded
private private
guards guard
group group
longbowmen longbowman
called called
Ravens Ravens
Teeth Teeth
Battle Battle
Redgrass Redgrass
Field Field
AC AC
Ravens Ravens
Teeth Teeth
gained gained
Weeping Weeping
Ridge Ridge
rained rained
arrows arrow
onto onto
Blackfyres Blackfyres
three three
hundred hundred
yards yard
away away
killing killing
first first
Daemons Daemons
eldest eldest
son son
Aegon Aegon
Daemon Daemon
finally finally
Aegons Aegons
twin twin
Aemon Aemon
arrows arrow
said said
driven driven
Bryndens Bryndens
sorcery sorcery
people people
later later
named named
Brynden Brynden
kinslayer kinslayer
Daemons Daemons
death death
led led
rebels rebel
rout rout
rallied rallied
Aegor Aegor
Rivers Rivers
mad mad
charge charge
resulting resulting
duel duel
rival rival
half half
brothers brother
left left
Brynden Brynden
blinded blinded
one one
eye eye
Aegor Aegor
retreating retreating
Daemon Daemon
eldest eldest
sons son
dead dead
Aegor Aegor
fled fled
exile exile
Free Free
Cities Cities
Daemons Daemons
wife wife
daughters daughter
remaining remaining
sons son
war war
Brynden Brynden
advocated advocated
hard hard
line line
rebels rebel
winning winning
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
Targaryens Targaryens
call call
leniency leniency
AC AC
Brynden Brynden
became became
Hand Hand
King King
master master
whisperers whisperer
serving serving
throughout throughout
reign reign
nephew nephew
King King
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
first first
major major
trial trial
Great Great
Spring Spring
Sickness Sickness
epidemic epidemic
killed killed
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Princes Princes
Valarr Valarr
Matarys Matarys
Targaryen Targaryen
tens ten
thousands thousand
Seeing Seeing
corpses corps
pile pile
streets street
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Brynden Brynden
ordered ordered
pyromancers pyromancer
Alchemists Alchemists
Guild Guild
burn burn
Dragonpit Dragonpit
night night
green green
glow glow
wildfire wildfire
pyres pyre
could could
seen seen
throughout throughout
whole whole
city city
Around Around
time time
drought drought
began began
lasted lasted
little little
yearN yearN
causing causing
many many
smallfolk smallfolk
leave leave
lands land
search search
somewhere somewhere
rain rain
still still
fell fell
Brynden Brynden
ordered ordered
return return
lands land
obeyed obeyed
Indeed Indeed
blamed blamed
Brynden Brynden
cursing cursing
kinslayer kinslayer
Many Many
became became
robbers robber
Prices Prices
increased increased
trade trade
dwindled dwindled
widely widely
held held
travel travel
less le
safe safe
Aeryss Aeryss
reign reign
father father
people people
alleged alleged
Brynden Brynden
paramour paramour
halfsister halfsister
Shiera Shiera
Seastar Seastar
used used
sorcery sorcery
uncover uncover
secrets secret
Brynden Brynden
proposed proposed
Shiera Shiera
numerous numerous
times time
always always
refused refused
offers offer
marriage marriage
AC AC
Ser Ser
Otho Otho
Bracken Bracken
known known
Brute Brute
Bracken Bracken
expected expected
succeed succeed
lordship lordship
Stone Stone
Hedge Hedge
wanting wanting
see see
man man
power power
traditional traditional
Bracken Bracken
rivals rival
House House
Blackwood Blackwood
expected expected
start start
war war
root root
suggested suggested
Brynden Brynden
halfBlackwood halfBlackwood
would would
inclined inclined
hear hear
complaints complaint
member member
House House
Bracken Bracken
Septon Septon
Sefton Sefton
believed believed
Brynden Brynden
would would
likely likely
nothing nothing
decide decide
act act
would would
help help
Blackwood Blackwood
cousins cousin
bring bring
Otho Otho
bay bay
AC AC
Lord Lord
Dagon Dagon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
raided raided
western western
coast coast
including including
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
shipping shipping
Arbor Arbor
village village
Little Little
Dosk Dosk
Reach Reach
AC AC
Lord Lord
Beron Beron
Stark Stark
called called
banners banner
repulse repulse
ironmen ironman
Stony Stony
Shore Shore
House House
Lannister Lannister
building building
ships ship
strike strike
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Brynden Brynden
kept kept
eye eye
Tyrosh Tyrosh
halfbrother halfbrother
Aegor Aegor
Rivers Rivers
remained remained
surviving surviving
sons son
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
exile exile
However However
Victarion Victarion
Greyjoy Greyjoy
recalls recall
even even
Dagon Dagon
could could
defeat defeat
dragons dragon
suggesting suggesting
Targaryens Targaryens
eventually eventually
intervened intervened
wedding wedding
tourney tourney
Whitewalls Whitewalls
AC AC
Ser Ser
Maynard Maynard
Plumm Plumm
defended defended
Bryndens Bryndens
actions action
Hand Hand
Ser Ser
Kyle Kyle
Cat Cat
informants informant
including including
Vyrwel Vyrwel
manatarms manatarms
troupe troupe
comic comic
dwarfs dwarf
Brynden Brynden
aware aware
plot plot
Whitewalls Whitewalls
put put
Daemon Daemon
II II
Blackfyre Blackfyre
forward forward
legitimate legitimate
Lord Lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Brynden Brynden
marched marched
tourney tourney
three three
hundred hundred
Ravens Ravens
Teeth Teeth
three three
brothers brother
Kingsguard Kingsguard
five five
hundred hundred
knights knight
five five
thousand thousand
infantry infantry
drawn drawn
crownlands crownlands
riverlands riverlands
face face
force force
Daemon Daemon
tried tried
rally rally
tourneygoers tourneygoers
battle battle
found found
little little
support support
Daemon Daemon
challenged challenged
Hand Hand
single single
combat combat
Brynden Brynden
refused refused
arrested arrested
pretender pretender
thus thus
containing containing
Second Second
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Daemon Daemon
kept kept
captivity captivity
rather rather
executed executed
rebel rebel
leaders leader
ensuring ensuring
Aegor Aegor
Rivers Rivers
could could
name name
brother brother
Haegon Haegon
serious serious
pretender pretender
aftermath aftermath
Third Third
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Brynden Brynden
argued argued
captive captive
Aegor Aegor
Rivers Rivers
put put
death death
King King
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
decided decided
send send
Aegor Aegor
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
instead instead
However However
Aegor Aegor
Rivers Rivers
escaped escaped
back back
Essos Essos
ship ship
intercepted intercepted
en en
route route
Eastwatch Eastwatch
Brynden Brynden
continued continued
Hand Hand
Aeryss Aeryss
successor successor
brother brother
Maekar Maekar
AC AC
Maekars Maekars
death death
AC AC
Brynden Brynden
Hand Hand
King King
called called
Great Great
Council Council
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
discuss discus
disputed disputed
matter matter
succession succession
Aenys Aenys
Blackfyre Blackfyre
wanted wanted
peacefully peacefully
participate participate
Great Great
Council Council
Brynden Brynden
offered offered
safe safe
conduct conduct
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Tyrosh Tyrosh
Aenys Aenys
arrived arrived
capital capital
however however
arrested arrested
gold gold
cloaks cloak
beheaded beheaded
Red Red
Keep Keep
Great Great
Council Council
chose chose
Maekars Maekars
youngest youngest
son son
succeed succeed
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
whose whose
first first
act act
arrest arrest
Brynden Brynden
murder murder
Aenys Aenys
suggested suggested
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
Brynden Brynden
imprisoned imprisoned
Red Red
Keeps Keeps
dungeons dungeon
Brynden Brynden
argued argued
sacrificed sacrificed
honor honor
good good
realm realm
Aegon Aegon
refused refused
set set
Brynden Brynden
free free
instead instead
offered offered
option option
taking taking
black black
instead instead
death death
Brynden Brynden
accepted accepted
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
sailed sailed
Wall Wall
AC AC
escorted escorted
King King
Aegon Aegon
Vs Vs
friend friend
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
Kingsguard Kingsguard
accompanied accompanied
honor honor
guard guard
recruits recruit
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
two two
hundred hundred
men men
prisoners prisoner
including including
Brynden Brynden
Rivers Rivers
Many Many
men men
archers archer
Bryndens Bryndens
Ravens Ravens
Teeth Teeth
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
Brynden Brynden
took took
Dark Dark
Sister Sister
went went
Wall Wall
Brynden Brynden
elected elected
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
AC AC
However However
AC AC
disappeared disappeared
ranging ranging
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
tells tell
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
Brynden Brynden
accompanied accompanied
Wall Wall
joined joined
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
escort escort
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
discovers discovers
Brynden Brynden
still still
alive alive
threeeyed threeeyed
crow crow
last last
greenseer greenseer
living living
children child
forest forest
cave cave
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Brynden Brynden
becomes becomes
Brans Brans
mentor mentor
art art
greensight greensight
skinchanging skinchanging
Treason Treason
less le
vile vile
traitor traitor
proves prof
cravenThere cravenThere
always always
Targaryens Targaryens
dreamed dreamed
things thing
come come
since since
long long
ConquestI ConquestI
wore wore
many many
names name
quick quick
even even
mother mother
name name
gave gave
breast breast
BryndenI BryndenI
ghosts ghost
Bran Bran
brother brother
loved loved
brother brother
hated hated
woman woman
desired desired
trees tree
see see
still still
word word
mine mine
ever ever
reached reached
past past
remains remains
past past
learn learn
can can
not not
change change
itThe itThe
Mother Mother
marked marked
Lord Lord
Rivers Rivers
day day
born born
Bittersteel Bittersteel
marked marked
upon upon
Redgrass Redgrass
FieldHow FieldHow
many many
eyes eye
Lord Lord
Bloodraven Bloodraven
riddle riddle
ran ran
thousand thousand
eyes eye
one one
claimed claimed
Kings Kings
Hand Hand
student student
dark dark
arts art
could could
change change
face face
put put
likeness likeness
oneeyed oneeyed
dog dog
even even
turn turn
mist mist
Packs Packs
gaunt gaunt
gray gray
wolves wolf
hunted hunted
foes foe
men men
said said
carrion carrion
crows crow
spied spied
whispered whispered
secrets secret
ear ear
tales tale
tales tale
Dunk Dunk
doubt doubt
one one
could could
doubt doubt
Bloodraven Bloodraven
informers informer
everywhereLord everywhereLord
Bloodraven Bloodraven
sorceror sorceror
bastard bastard
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
reign reign
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
personal personal
arms arm
green green
shooting shooting
star star
elm elm
tree tree
proper proper
sunset sunset
also also
briefly briefly
used used
sigil sigil
unknown unknown
knight knight
hanged hanged
man man
swinging swinging
grim grim
gray gray
beneath beneath
gallows gallows
tree tree
Raised Raised
Dunk Dunk
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
Duncan Duncan
became became
squire squire
hedge hedge
knight knight
Arlan Arlan
Pennytree Pennytree
Duncan Duncan
traveled traveled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
hedge hedge
knight knight
young young
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
called called
Egg Egg
squire squire
early early
exploits exploit
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
chronicled chronicled
Knight Knight
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
collects collect
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
Sworn Sworn
Sword Sword
Mystery Mystery
Knight Knight
Duncan Duncan
inch inch
shy shy
seven seven
feet foot
tall tall
thick thick
mass mass
sunstreaked sunstreaked
hair hair
events event
Standfast Standfast
AC AC
dagger dagger
scar scar
cheek cheek
Dunk Dunk
strong strong
quick quick
taught taught
jousting jousting
swordplay swordplay
Duncan Duncan
humble humble
personality personality
frequently frequently
thinks think
thickheaded thickheaded
recalling recalling
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
often often
said said
Dunk Dunk
lunk lunk
thick thick
castle castle
wall wall
referred referred
slow slow
aurochs aurochs
Duncans Duncans
earliest earliest
memories memory
living living
street street
urchin urchin
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
slums slum
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
closest closest
friends friend
went went
names name
Ferret Ferret
Rafe Rafe
Pudding Pudding
admission admission
little little
monsters monster
Duncan Duncan
time time
still still
known known
Dunk Dunk
worst worst
Sometimes Sometimes
would would
sell sell
even even
dump dump
pieces piece
meat meat
dubious dubious
origin origin
local local
pot pot
shops shop
made made
bowls bowl
brown brown
Duncan Duncan
orphan orphan
never never
knew knew
either either
parents parent
may may
bastard bastard
believed believed
father father
might might
criminal criminal
hoped hoped
someday someday
go go
north north
eventually eventually
Wall Wall
could could
perhaps perhaps
meet meet
tall tall
old old
man man
looked looked
like like
hedge hedge
knight knight
Arlan Arlan
Pennytree Pennytree
took took
Duncan Duncan
new new
squire squire
two two
yearsN yearsN
death death
previous previous
squire squire
Roger Roger
Pennytree Pennytree
final final
battle battle
First First
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
AC AC
found found
young young
Duncan Duncan
aged aged
five five
six six
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
chasing chasing
pig pig
took took
raised raised
Duncan Duncan
together together
traveled traveled
Westeros Westeros
except except
north north
Though Though
never never
visited visited
Pennytree Pennytree
Arlan Arlan
served served
Lord Lord
Leo Leo
Tyrell Tyrell
Highgarden Highgarden
one one
first first
years year
Duncan Duncan
served served
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
visited visited
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
AC AC
served served
Lord Lord
Florent Florent
half half
year year
joined joined
Lord Lord
Dondarrion Dondarrion
hunt hunt
Vulture Vulture
King King
AC AC
visited visited
Lannisport Lannisport
AC AC
amongst amongst
places place
well well
Duncan Duncan
accompanied accompanied
Arlan Arlan
one one
several several
knights knight
hired hired
Dornish Dornish
merchant merchant
wanted wanted
travel travel
Lannisport Lannisport
Princes Princes
Pass Pass
Dorne Dorne
Duncan Duncan
learned learned
swordfight swordfight
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
though though
still still
recalls recall
fighting fighting
experience experience
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
well well
Ever Ever
since since
first first
time time
Arlan Arlan
let let
Duncan Duncan
hold hold
sword sword
Duncan Duncan
dreamt dreamt
becoming becoming
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
AC AC
tourney tourney
held held
Ashford Ashford
Arlan Arlan
died died
way way
Ashford Ashford
Duncan Duncan
buried buried
decided decided
compete compete
tourney tourney
Ashford Ashford
Meadow Meadow
Arlans Arlans
stead stead
way way
stopped stopped
inn inn
Inside Inside
Duncan Duncan
met met
drunken drunken
man man
claimed claimed
dreamed dreamed
Duncan Duncan
became became
distraught distraught
sight sight
Duncan Duncan
also also
met met
baldheaded baldheaded
boy boy
begged begged
allowed allowed
become become
Duncans Duncans
squire squire
Duncan Duncan
left left
Duncan Duncan
refused refused
left left
shortly shortly
thereafter thereafter
arrived arrived
Ashford Ashford
Duncan Duncan
made made
camp camp
evening evening
discovered discovered
bald bald
boy boy
inn inn
camp camp
claimed claimed
called called
Egg Egg
said said
came came
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
causing causing
Duncan Duncan
believe believe
boy boy
orphan orphan
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
like like
Duncan Duncan
squire squire
Duncan Duncan
accepted accepted
Egg Egg
squire squire
duration duration
tourney tourney
tourney tourney
grounds ground
Duncan Duncan
forced forced
sell sell
Sweetfoot Sweetfoot
one one
horses horse
Ser Ser
Arlans Arlans
old old
armor armor
order order
able able
acquire acquire
armor armor
met met
puppeteer puppeteer
named named
Tanselle Tanselle
agreed agreed
paint paint
shield shield
personal personal
sigil sigil
day day
arrival arrival
Duncan Duncan
went went
register register
tourney tourney
Knighthood Knighthood
required required
participation participation
tourney tourney
Duncan Duncan
told told
Lord Lord
Ashfords Ashfords
steward steward
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
knighted knighted
death death
Several Several
thoughts thought
actions action
well well
facts fact
however however
suggest suggest
tale tale
completely completely
trueN trueN
steward steward
suggests suggests
Duncan Duncan
find find
someone someone
vouch vouch
return return
next next
day day
Unable Unable
find find
anyone anyone
Duncan Duncan
returned returned
castle castle
next next
day day
accidentally accidentally
interrupted interrupted
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
Prince Prince
Maekar Maekar
Targaryen Targaryen
occupied occupied
missing missing
Princes Princes
Daeron Daeron
Aegon Aegon
two two
Maekars Maekars
sons son
Explaining Explaining
problem problem
princes prince
Baelor Baelor
recalled recalled
jousting jousting
Arlan Arlan
years year
vouched vouched
Duncan Duncan
allowing allowing
participation participation
Tanselle Tanselle
attacked attacked
Prince Prince
Aerion Aerion
Targaryen Targaryen
Duncan Duncan
rushes rush
defense defense
attacking attacking
prince prince
process process
Aerions Aerions
guards guard
intervened intervened
Egg Egg
protected protected
Duncan Duncan
harm harm
revealing revealing
identity identity
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Duncan Duncan
arrested arrested
brought brought
castle castle
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
informed informed
Prince Prince
Daeron Daeron
claimed claimed
father father
missing missing
Aegon Aegon
kidnapped kidnapped
robber robber
knight knight
Aerion Aerion
twisting twisting
puppeteer puppeteer
story story
treason treason
Due Due
lies lie
Aerion Aerion
Daeron Daeron
Maekar Maekar
become become
furious furious
Duncan Duncan
Baelor Baelor
forced forced
allow allow
Aerion Aerion
trial trial
Aerion Aerion
demanded demanded
trial trial
seven seven
help help
Aegon Aegon
Duncan Duncan
found found
six six
allies ally
Ser Ser
Robyn Robyn
Rhysling Rhysling
Ser Ser
Humfrey Humfrey
Hardyng Hardyng
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
Baratheon Baratheon
Ser Ser
Humfrey Humfrey
Beesbury Beesbury
newlyknighted newlyknighted
Raymun Raymun
Fossoway Fossoway
ultimately ultimately
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
Targaryen Targaryen
faced faced
Aerion Aerion
Daeron Daeron
Maekar Maekar
three three
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ser Ser
Steffon Steffon
Fossoway Fossoway
surprise surprise
Duncan Duncan
discovered discovered
smallfolk smallfolk
supported supported
remembered remembered
vows vow
knight knight
protecting protecting
weak weak
defending defending
innocent innocent
protecting protecting
Tanselle Tanselle
combat combat
Duncan Duncan
eventually eventually
found found
facing facing
Aerion Aerion
one one
one one
managed managed
best best
Aerion Aerion
using using
strength strength
fighting fighting
skills skill
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
Duncan Duncan
forced forced
Aerion Aerion
yield yield
Daeron Daeron
already already
faked faked
defeat defeat
promised promised
Duncan Duncan
day day
Duncan Duncan
declared declared
cleared cleared
free free
charges charge
Three Three
men men
given given
aid aid
Duncan Duncan
died died
either either
battle battle
including including
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
leaving leaving
Duncan Duncan
feeling feeling
extremely extremely
guilty guilty
Prince Prince
Maekar Maekar
offered offered
Duncan Duncan
place place
Summerhall Summerhall
Aegon Aegon
could could
squire squire
Duncan Duncan
Duncan Duncan
agreed agreed
take take
Aegon Aegon
squire squire
insisted insisted
remaining remaining
hedge hedge
knight knight
convinced convinced
would would
teach teach
Aegon Aegon
humility humility
Maekar Maekar
agreed agreed
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
traveled traveled
Dorne Dorne
passing passing
Princes Princes
Pass Pass
eventually eventually
reaching reaching
Vaith Vaith
Duncan Duncan
accidentally accidentally
insulted insulted
Lady Lady
Cassella Cassella
Vaith Vaith
first first
highborn highborn
woman woman
ever ever
met met
crossing crossing
desert desert
Duncans Duncans
horse horse
Chestnut Chestnut
died died
Aegon Aegon
ride ride
double double
Thunder Thunder
AC AC
AC AC
Great Great
Spring Spring
Sickness Sickness
ran ran
course course
Westeros Westeros
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
able able
avoid avoid
encountering encountering
plague plague
Dorne Dorne
one one
two two
places place
plague plague
come come
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
took took
poleboat poleboat
Greenblood Greenblood
Planky Planky
Town Town
took took
passage passage
galleas galleas
White White
Lady Lady
Oldtown Oldtown
Aboard Aboard
ship ship
Duncan Duncan
first first
experience experience
combat combat
sea sea
helped helped
repel repel
raiders raider
Oldtown Oldtown
Aegons Aegons
brother brother
Aemon Aemon
measured measured
Duncan Duncan
found found
inch inch
short short
seven seven
feet foot
point point
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
gifted gifted
mule mule
Maester Maester
one one
Aegons Aegons
brothers brother
presumably presumably
AemonN AemonN
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
took took
service service
Ser Ser
Eustace Eustace
Osgrey Osgrey
poor poor
broken broken
landed landed
knight knight
Standfast Standfast
located located
Reach Reach
Also Also
employed employed
Ser Ser
Bennis Bennis
Brown Brown
Shield Shield
old old
acquaintance acquaintance
Duncan Duncan
time time
Arlan Arlan
Duncan Duncan
Bennis Bennis
discovered discovered
peasants peasant
Lady Lady
Rohanne Rohanne
Webber Webber
Coldmoat Coldmoat
dammed dammed
Chequy Chequy
Water Water
Bennis Bennis
provoked provoked
Rohanne Rohanne
cutting cutting
cheek cheek
one one
peasants peasant
Ser Ser
Eustace Eustace
refused refused
travel travel
Coldmoat Coldmoat
Duncan Duncan
went went
Coldmoat Coldmoat
try try
reason reason
Though Though
sexual sexual
tension tension
charged charged
meeting meeting
Rohanne Rohanne
refused refused
Duncan Duncan
told told
Eustaces Eustaces
support support
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Shocked Shocked
revelation revelation
Duncan Duncan
attempted attempted
leave leave
Eustaces Eustaces
service service
fire fire
nearby nearby
woods wood
caused caused
suspect suspect
Rohanne Rohanne
already already
started started
campaign campaign
Eustace Eustace
Duncan Duncan
knew knew
battle battle
lost lost
cause cause
disbanded disbanded
Eustaces Eustaces
levies levy
promised promised
side side
faced faced
Rohanne Rohanne
Meeting Meeting
Rohannes Rohannes
forces force
Duncan Duncan
offered offered
settle settle
matter matter
trial trial
combat combat
cutting cutting
cheek cheek
dagger dagger
Rohannes Rohannes
champion champion
overbearing overbearing
steward steward
Ser Ser
Lucas Lucas
Longinch Longinch
Duncans Duncans
wrestling wrestling
ability ability
compensated compensated
lack lack
swordsmanship swordsmanship
managed managed
kill kill
Lucas Lucas
though though
received received
major major
wounds wound
almost almost
drowned drowned
stream stream
fighting fighting
recuperating recuperating
Duncan Duncan
discovered discovered
Eustace Eustace
Rohanne Rohanne
settled settled
differences difference
decided decided
marry marry
Duncan Duncan
felt felt
rejected rejected
confronted confronted
Rohanne Rohanne
shortly shortly
left left
took took
one one
kiss kiss
Rohanne Rohanne
cut cut
length length
signature signature
braid braid
keepsake keepsake
Aegon Aegon
took took
leave leave
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
traveled traveled
riverlands riverlands
visited visited
Stoney Stoney
Sept Sept
Even Even
though though
way way
north north
take take
service service
Lord Lord
Beron Beron
Stark Stark
battle battle
Greyjoys Greyjoys
northern northern
coast coast
changed changed
destination destination
chance chance
meeting meeting
road road
encountered encountered
group group
led led
Lord Lord
Gormon Gormon
Peake Peake
Starpike Starpike
Lord Lord
Alyn Alyn
Cockshaw Cockshaw
hedge hedge
knight knight
named named
Ser Ser
John John
Fiddler Fiddler
latter latter
invited invited
Duncan Duncan
attend attend
wedding wedding
Lord Lord
Ambrose Ambrose
Butterwell Butterwell
Whitewalls Whitewalls
daughter daughter
Lord Lord
Frey Frey
Crossing Crossing
stating stating
victors victor
prize prize
celebratory celebratory
Whitewalls Whitewalls
tourney tourney
dragon dragon
egg egg
Though Though
company company
traveled traveled
without without
Duncan Duncan
decided decided
go go
befriended befriended
Ser Ser
Kyle Kyle
Cat Cat
Ser Ser
Maynard Maynard
Plumm Plumm
Ser Ser
Glendon Glendon
Ball Ball
way way
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Aegon Aegon
became became
suspicious suspicious
intentions intention
wedding wedding
informed informed
Duncan Duncan
majority majority
nobles noble
present present
fought fought
House House
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Duncan Duncan
later later
encounter encounter
John John
Fiddler Fiddler
told told
Duncan Duncan
appeared appeared
dream dream
Duncan Duncan
worn worn
white white
armor armor
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Fiddler Fiddler
said said
dreams dream
always always
came came
true true
stating stating
dreamed dreamed
brothers brother
dead dead
though though
hadnt hadnt
believed believed
died died
Fiddler Fiddler
also also
informed informed
Duncan Duncan
dreamed dreamed
dragon dragon
hatching hatching
egg egg
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Duncan Duncan
entered entered
joust joust
Gallows Gallows
Knight Knight
mystery mystery
knight knight
named named
hanged hanged
man man
sigil sigil
shield shield
bought bought
replace replace
one one
destroyed destroyed
Longinch Longinch
time time
painted painted
arms arm
defeated defeated
first first
tilt tilt
Ser Ser
Uthor Uthor
Underleaf Underleaf
confessed confessed
someone someone
attempted attempted
bribe bribe
kill kill
Duncan Duncan
final final
tilt tilt
Whilst Whilst
searching searching
Aegon Aegon
Duncan Duncan
ran ran
Glendon Glendon
Ball Ball
far far
successful successful
Duncan Duncan
tourney tourney
invited invited
come come
north north
tourney tourney
Glendon Glendon
declined declined
Glendon Glendon
told told
Duncan Duncan
Gormon Gormon
Peake Peake
offered offered
place place
Starpike Starpike
condition condition
Glendon Glendon
would would
let let
Fiddler Fiddler
win win
Glendon Glendon
refused refused
angering angering
Peake Peake
Duncan Duncan
next next
ran ran
Fiddler Fiddler
began began
realize realize
Johns Johns
true true
identity identity
well well
tourney tourney
rigged rigged
make make
Fiddler Fiddler
victorious victorious
Lord Lord
Peake Peake
accused accused
Glendon Glendon
Ball Ball
stealing stealing
dragon dragon
egg egg
boy boy
imprisoned imprisoned
Duncan Duncan
attempted attempted
intervene intervene
Alyn Alyn
Cockshaw Cockshaw
pulled pulled
back back
telling telling
Duncan Duncan
follow follow
wanted wanted
find find
Aegon Aegon
Alyn Alyn
attempted attempted
kill kill
Duncan Duncan
jealousy jealousy
attention attention
Fiddler Fiddler
shown shown
Duncan Duncan
Though Though
injured injured
Duncan Duncan
threw threw
Alyn Alyn
well well
drown drown
action action
witnessed witnessed
Maynard Maynard
Plumm Plumm
Plumm Plumm
helped helped
Duncan Duncan
see see
injuries injury
informed informed
Aegons Aegons
location location
Aegon Aegon
falsely falsely
told told
Lord Lord
Ambrose Ambrose
Duncan Duncan
spies spy
sent sent
investigate investigate
tournament tournament
father father
Prince Prince
Maekar Maekar
way way
army army
Frightened Frightened
Lord Lord
Ambrose Ambrose
pleads pleads
innocence innocence
Ser Ser
Tommard Tommard
Heddle Heddle
attempted attempted
seize seize
Aegon Aegon
slain slain
Duncan Duncan
combat combat
ensued ensued
Duncan Duncan
ordered ordered
Aegon Aegon
ride ride
Maidenpool Maidenpool
next next
confronted confronted
Fiddler Fiddler
calling calling
true true
name name
Daemon Daemon
Duncan Duncan
accused accused
Lord Lord
Peake Peake
bribing bribing
contestants contestant
Daemons Daemons
favor favor
falsely falsely
charging charging
Glendon Glendon
theft theft
dragon dragon
egg egg
Furious Furious
accusations accusation
Daemon Daemon
challenged challenged
Glendon Glendon
joust joust
means mean
trial trial
combat combat
Glendon Glendon
defeated defeated
Daemon Daemon
easily easily
mere mere
moments moment
later later
loyalist loyalist
army army
led led
Lord Lord
Brynden Brynden
Rivers Rivers
Hand Hand
King King
arrived arrived
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Daemon Daemon
arrested arrested
supported supported
executed executed
punished punished
causing causing
Second Second
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
suppressed suppressed
even even
begun begun
Lord Lord
Brynden Brynden
allowed allowed
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
continue continue
travels travel
hinted hinted
dragons dragon
egg egg
stolen stolen
leading leading
Duncan Duncan
realize realize
involvement involvement
dwarfs dwarf
performed performed
wedding wedding
unknown unknown
amount amount
time time
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
visited visited
Winterfell Winterfell
Presumably Presumably
honor honor
Duncan Duncan
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
named named
firstborn firstborn
son son
heir heir
Duncan Duncan
asked asked
however however
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
refused refused
answer answer
Prince Prince
Duncan Duncan
called called
Duncan Duncan
Small Small
late late
AC AC
Aegon Aegon
ascended ascended
throne throne
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
Duncan Duncan
escorted escorted
Aegons Aegons
brother brother
Aemon Aemon
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
Aemon Aemon
going going
join join
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Duncan Duncan
eventually eventually
joined joined
Kingsguard Kingsguard
unknown unknown
exactly exactly
took took
vows vow
first first
known known
mention mention
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
AC AC
AC AC
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
fought fought
Fourth Fourth
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
personally personally
slew slew
Daemon Daemon
III III
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Pretender Pretender
AC AC
Prince Prince
Duncan Duncan
Targaryen Targaryen
broke broke
betrothal betrothal
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
Baratheons Baratheons
daughter daughter
married married
commonborn commonborn
girl girl
known known
Jenny Jenny
Oldstones Oldstones
instead instead
enraged enraged
Lyonel Lyonel
renounced renounced
fealty fealty
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Duncan Duncan
served served
King King
Aegon Aegon
Vs Vs
champion champion
trial trial
combat combat
bested bested
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
thereby thereby
ended ended
Lyonels Lyonels
short short
rebellion rebellion
AC AC
AC AC
Duncan Duncan
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
participated participated
winter winter
tourney tourney
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
defeated defeated
sixteenyearold sixteenyearold
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
AC AC
Duncan Duncan
perished perished
along along
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Prince Prince
Duncan Duncan
among among
others others
tragedy tragedy
Summerhall Summerhall
Little Little
known known
events event
tragedy tragedy
seems seems
Lord Lord
Commanders Commanders
valor valor
saved saved
survivors survivor
dying dying
great great
fire fire
consumed consumed
Summerhall Summerhall
Round Round
Room Room
White White
Sword Sword
Tower Tower
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
admires admires
previous previous
men men
served served
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
including including
Duncan Duncan
also also
reads read
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmys Selmys
entry entry
White White
Book Book
states state
Barristan Barristan
defeated defeated
Duncan Duncan
winter winter
tourney tourney
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Barristan Barristan
participated participated
mystery mystery
knight knight
unknown unknown
reasons reason
shield shield
Dunks Dunks
original original
arms arm
came came
reside reside
armory armory
Lord Lord
Selwyn Selwyn
Tarth Tarth
Evenfall Evenfall
Hall Hall
Duskendale Duskendale
Selwyns Selwyns
daughter daughter
Brienne Brienne
remembering remembering
arms arm
painted painted
shield shield
travel travel
crownlands crownlands
riverlands riverlands
incognito incognito
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
relates relates
joined joined
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
brother brother
Egg Egg
insisted insisted
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
accompany accompany
Eastwatch Eastwatch
Aemon Aemon
also also
dreams dream
youth youth
Oldtown Oldtown
time time
drinking drinking
Quill Quill
Tankard Tankard
Egg Egg
big big
knight knight
served served
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
visions vision
past past
looking looking
heart heart
tree tree
godswood godswood
Winterfell Winterfell
Among Among
visions vision
slender slender
brownhaired brownhaired
girl girl
kissing kissing
knight knight
tall tall
Hodor Hodor
possibly possibly
Duncan Duncan
time time
tourney tourney
Ashford Ashford
Meadow Meadow
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
Dunk Dunk
owned owned
three three
horses horse
inherited inherited
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
Pennytree Pennytree
adventures adventure
progressed progressed
Duncan Duncan
acquired acquired
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
stated stated
readers reader
met met
descendant descendant
Dunk Dunk
ASOIAF ASOIAF
later later
stated stated
gave gave
strong strong
hint hint
Dunks Dunks
descendant descendant
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Given Given
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Brienne Brienne
recalls recall
finding finding
shield shield
Dunks Dunks
sigil sigil
armories armory
Tarth Tarth
widely widely
speculated speculated
confirmed confirmed
descended descended
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
However However
Balticon Balticon
Martin Martin
confirmed confirmed
Briennes Briennes
descent descent
stating stating
exact exact
relationship relationship
Duncan Duncan
Brienne Brienne
would would
revealed revealed
time time
Ser Ser
Marston Marston
Waters Waters
knight knight
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryens Targaryens
Kingsguard Kingsguard
served served
briefly briefly
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Hand Hand
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
people people
consider consider
Marston Marston
simple simple
honest honest
knight knight
remained remained
true true
vows vow
honor honor
deceived deceived
less le
scrupulous scrupulous
Others Others
however however
maintain maintain
Marston Marston
conniving conniving
scholars scholar
believe believe
Marston Marston
great great
knight knight
good good
man man
Marston Marston
kin kin
Dragonstone Dragonstone
bastard bastard
son son
Tom Tom
Tanglebeards Tanglebeards
sister sister
knight knight
took took
maidenhead maidenhead
also also
Tom Tom
Tangletongues Tangletongues
cousin cousin
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Ser Ser
Marston Marston
lost lost
home home
Spicetown Spicetown
burned burned
Battle Battle
Gullet Gullet
achieved achieved
modest modest
place place
retinue retinue
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryens Targaryens
dragons dragon
first first
appeared appeared
skies sky
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Lord Lord
Larys Larys
Strong Strong
spirited spirited
King King
Aegon Aegon
children child
city city
concealed concealed
fugitive fugitive
king king
fishing fishing
skiff skiff
put put
care care
Marston Marston
choosing choosing
bastard bastard
knight knight
kin kin
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aegon Aegon
stayed stayed
hidden hidden
island island
Marston Marston
smuggled smuggled
Dragonstone Dragonstone
wounded wounded
Sunfyre Sunfyre
eventually eventually
returned returned
Rooks Rooks
Rest Rest
Dragonstone Dragonstone
fought fought
killed killed
Grey Grey
Ghost Ghost
return return
Ser Ser
Marston Marston
cousins cousin
Tom Tom
Tanglebeard Tanglebeard
son son
Tom Tom
Tangletongue Tangletongue
disguised disguised
Aegon Aegon
set set
sail sail
look look
Grey Grey
Ghosts Ghosts
killer killer
suspected suspected
Sunfyre Sunfyre
Aegon Aegon
dragon dragon
reunited reunited
began began
heal heal
Two Two
Toms Toms
Marston Marston
returned returned
side side
island island
seek seek
men men
willing willing
help help
take take
castle castle
Dragonstone Dragonstone
fall fall
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Ser Ser
Alfred Alfred
Broomes Broomes
men men
opened opened
postern postern
gate gate
Marston Marston
Tom Tom
Tangletongue Tangletongue
men men
Marston Marston
captured captured
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Gerardys Gerardys
rookery rookery
preventing preventing
sending sending
raven raven
Lady Lady
Baela Baela
Targaryen Targaryen
managed managed
elude elude
schemers schemer
locate locate
dragon dragon
Moondancer Moondancer
rise rise
challenge challenge
Aegon Aegon
Sunfyre Sunfyre
made made
descent descent
hitting hitting
ground ground
dragged dragged
away away
dying dying
dragon dragon
Ser Ser
Alfred Alfred
Broome Broome
drew drew
sword sword
slay slay
Marston Marston
wrenched wrenched
blade blade
hand hand
saving saving
life life
valor valor
King King
Aegon Aegon
named named
Marston Marston
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Marston Marston
along along
knights knight
lords lord
present present
object object
Aegon Aegon
fed fed
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
halfsister halfsister
Sunfyre Sunfyre
flight flight
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aegon Aegon
retinue retinue
returned returned
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
aboard aboard
Mouse Mouse
end end
AC AC
Moon Moon
Three Three
Kings Kings
ended ended
Lord Lord
Borros Borros
Baratheon Baratheon
Aegon Aegon
allowed allowed
Marston Marston
grant grant
knighthood knighthood
Trystane Trystane
Fyre Fyre
boys boy
execution execution
Alfred Alfred
Aegon Aegon
sent sent
Ser Ser
Tyland Tyland
Lannister Lannister
Ser Ser
Julian Julian
Wormwood Wormwood
Marston Marston
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
hire hire
sellswords sellswords
Pentos Pentos
Tyrosh Tyrosh
Myr Myr
Marston Marston
unsuccessful unsuccessful
however however
Triarchy Triarchy
descending descending
civil civil
war war
hiring hiring
mercenaries mercenary
upcoming upcoming
Daughters Daughters
War War
Marston Marston
could could
match match
wages wage
Free Free
Cities Cities
offered offered
departed departed
empty empty
handed handed
time time
returned returned
Lys Lys
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
dead dead
pardoned pardoned
Ser Ser
Marston Marston
kept kept
position position
knight knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
new new
boy boy
king king
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
regents regent
wanted wanted
show show
reconciliation reconciliation
greens green
blacks black
Marston Marston
Ser Ser
Willis Willis
Fell Fell
greens green
allowed allowed
retain retain
positions position
Willis Willis
named named
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Marston Marston
second second
Aegon Aegon
III III
never never
forgot forgot
Marston Marston
nothing nothing
mother mother
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
died died
however however
Willis Willis
Hand Hand
King King
Ser Ser
Tyland Tyland
Lannister Lannister
died died
Winter Winter
Fever Fever
AC AC
Aegon Aegon
named named
Ser Ser
Robin Robin
Massey Massey
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Darklyn Darklyn
Kingsguard Kingsguard
passing passing
Marston Marston
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
favor favor
Robin Robin
Lord Lord
Unwin Unwin
Peake Peake
new new
Hand Hand
undid undid
Aegons Aegons
appointments appointment
named named
Marston Marston
new new
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Marston Marston
knighted knighted
Lord Lord
Alyn Alyn
Velaryon Velaryon
honored honored
lavish lavish
ceremony ceremony
court court
Maidens Maidens
Day Day
Ball Ball
Marston Marston
attempted attempted
block block
twins twin
Baela Baela
Rhaena Rhaena
Targaryen Targaryen
entering entering
hall hall
chargers charger
Baela Baela
slash slash
cheek cheek
riding riding
crop crop
According According
Mushroom Mushroom
paranoid paranoid
Lord Lord
Peake Peake
convinced convinced
pregnant pregnant
Baela Baela
plotting plotting
kill kill
king king
boy boy
said said
much much
Marston Marston
said said
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
Targaryens Targaryens
wife wife
Larra Larra
Lys Lys
kin kin
House House
Rogare Rogare
part part
plot plot
overthrow overthrow
King King
Aegon Aegon
fall fall
Rogare Rogare
Bank Bank
AC AC
Lysene Lysene
Spring Spring
Marston Marston
arrested arrested
Lord Lord
Roggerio Roggerio
Rogare Rogare
Mermaid Mermaid
Marston Marston
became became
Hand Hand
King King
Lord Lord
Thaddeus Thaddeus
Rowan Rowan
arrested arrested
Marston Marston
ordered ordered
Larras Larras
arrest arrest
Viserys Viserys
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
refused refused
give give
Ser Ser
Amaury Amaury
Peake Peake
attempted attempted
enter enter
Maegors Maegors
Holdfast Holdfast
Aegon Aegon
denied denied
appointed appointed
Marston Marston
Hand Hand
family family
locked locked
within within
Maegors Maegors
remained remained
eighteen eighteen
days day
would would
become become
known known
secret secret
siege siege
Ser Ser
Marston Marston
refused refused
storm storm
keep keep
wish wish
dishonor dishonor
white white
cloak cloak
ordering ordering
attack attack
king king
sworn sworn
protect protect
false false
confession confession
Lord Lord
Rowan Rowan
Marston Marston
recalled recalled
duty duty
claimed claimed
honestly honestly
believed believed
Thaddeus Thaddeus
Rogares Rogares
traitors traitor
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
fulfilled fulfilled
kings king
command command
arrest arrest
falsely falsely
implicated implicated
Thaddeus Thaddeus
Rogares Rogares
Marston Marston
stabbed stabbed
dagger dagger
trying trying
apprehend apprehend
sworn sworn
brother brother
Ser Ser
Mervyn Mervyn
Flowers Flowers
beaten beaten
death death
others others
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Munkun Munkun
attempted attempted
treat treat
Marstons Marstons
wounds wound
gave gave
milk milk
poppy poppy
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
died died
night night
Marston Marston
held held
office office
Kings Kings
Hand Hand
less le
moons moon
turn turn
Lord Lord
George George
Graceford Graceford
questioned questioned
involved involved
plot plot
claimed claimed
Marston Marston
involved involved
start start
bloody bloody
turncloak turncloak
Tessario Tessario
Tiger Tiger
also also
mentioned mentioned
Marstons Marstons
name name
tortured tortured
historians historian
suspect suspect
Marston Marston
might might
catspaw catspaw
deceived deceived
cunning cunning
man man
Marston Marston
Mervyn Mervyn
Amaury Amaury
replaced replaced
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ser Ser
Edmund Edmund
Warrick Warrick
Ser Ser
Dennis Dennis
Whitfield Whitfield
Ser Ser
Agramore Agramore
Cobb Cobb
Ser Ser
Raynard Raynard
Ruskyn Ruskyn
becoming becoming
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Grace Grace
us u
wrong wrong
think think
mean mean
harm harm
acted acted
protect protect
Grace Grace
false false
friends friend
traitorsMarston traitorsMarston
us u
bastards bastard
Sworn Sworn
Brothers Brothers
besides besides
Mervyn Mervyn
wanting wanting
steelHis steelHis
Grace Grace
brother brother
command command
can can
not not
Ser Ser
Robin Robin
Massey Massey
knight knight
House House
Massey Massey
briefly briefly
made made
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
regency regency
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
death death
Ser Ser
Willis Willis
Fell Fell
two two
members member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Winter Winter
Fever Fever
AC AC
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
bestowed bestowed
white white
cloaks cloak
Ser Ser
Robin Robin
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Darklyn Darklyn
making making
Robin Robin
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
thereby thereby
passing passing
secondincommand secondincommand
Ser Ser
Marston Marston
Waters Waters
However However
kings king
regent regent
Lord Lord
Unwin Unwin
Peake Peake
support support
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Munkun Munkun
dismissed dismissed
kings king
appointments appointment
grounds ground
boy boy
twelve twelve
judgment judgment
decide decide
weighty weighty
matters matter
Marston Marston
Waters Waters
confirmed confirmed
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
king king
protested protested
dismissal dismissal
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knights knight
saying saying
served served
life life
Lord Lord
Peake Peake
replied replied
properly properly
appointed appointed
Tessario Tessario
Tiger Tiger
later later
slew slew
Robin Robin
dispute dispute
horse horse
men men
wished wished
buy buy
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
seat seat
Lord Lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
often often
used used
metonymic metonymic
device device
refer refer
kings king
authority authority
polity polity
born born
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
king king
often often
holds hold
audiences audience
dispenses dispenses
justice justice
atop atop
Red Red
Keeps Keeps
throne throne
room room
Great Great
Hall Hall
chair chair
cold cold
hard hard
many many
jagged jagged
edges edge
kings king
absence absence
Hand Hand
may may
sit sit
throne throne
privilege privilege
extend extend
royal royal
regents regent
However However
three three
exceptions exception
exist exist
Queen Queen
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryens Targaryens
partners partner
power power
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
sat sat
throne throne
took took
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
asymmetric asymmetric
monstrosity monstrosity
spikes spike
jagged jagged
edges edge
twisted twisted
metal metal
throne throne
constructed constructed
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
melted melted
twisted twisted
beaten beaten
broken broken
blades blade
surrendered surrendered
enemies enemy
wrenched wrenched
hands hand
dying dying
According According
songs song
took took
thousand thousand
blades blade
make make
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
described described
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
massive massive
ugly ugly
assymetric assymetric
throne throne
symbol symbol
conquest conquest
fanged fanged
steel steel
behind behind
impossible impossible
lean lean
back back
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegon Aegon
intended intended
uncomfortable uncomfortable
believing believing
king king
never never
sit sit
easy easy
points point
twisted twisted
blades blade
fan fan
like like
talons talon
arms arm
throne throne
Even Even
three three
hundred hundred
years year
blades blade
still still
sharp sharp
enough enough
cut cut
According According
stories story
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
capable capable
killing killing
person person
done done
King King
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
known known
cut cut
throne throne
happened happened
Aerys Aerys
II II
often often
became became
known known
King King
Scab Scab
King King
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
found found
dead dead
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
arms arm
slashed slashed
open open
wrist wrist
elbow elbow
jagged jagged
barbs barb
blade blade
neck neck
emerging emerging
beneath beneath
chin chin
According According
Archmaester Archmaester
Gyldayn Gyldayn
many many
still still
believe believe
Maegor Maegor
killed killed
throne throne
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
located located
high high
platform platform
throne throne
room room
within within
Red Red
Keep Keep
reached reached
climbing climbing
steep steep
iron iron
steps step
Great Great
Hall Hall
Following Following
conquest conquest
six six
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Westeros Westeros
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
crowned crowned
High High
Septon Septon
Oldtown Oldtown
swords sword
enemies enemy
Aegon Aegon
created created
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
dynasty dynasty
began began
would would
rule rule
nearly nearly
three three
hundred hundred
years year
According According
songs song
throne throne
constructed constructed
thousand thousand
blades blade
heated heated
breath breath
Aegons Aegons
dragon dragon
Balerion Balerion
According According
history history
however however
throne throne
forged forged
armorers armorer
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
stood stood
Aegons Aegons
wooden wooden
castle castle
Aegonfort Aegonfort
located located
place place
first first
come come
shore shore
town town
grew grew
around around
became became
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
kingdoms kingdom
new new
capital capital
Aegon Aegon
reconciled reconciled
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
rule rule
AC AC
continued continued
wars war
AC AC
First First
Dornish Dornish
War War
attempt attempt
subdue subdue
seventh seventh
Westerosi Westerosi
kingdoms kingdom
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
kept kept
war war
following following
conclusion conclusion
First First
Dornish Dornish
War War
AC AC
wars war
Dorne Dorne
would would
follow follow
Aegons Aegons
successors successor
Second Second
Dornish Dornish
War War
AC AC
start start
Aenys Aenys
Targaryens Targaryens
reign reign
Third Third
Fourth Fourth
Dornish Dornish
War War
reign reign
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Conquest Conquest
Dorne Dorne
reign reign
Daeron Daeron
Targaryen Targaryen
Aegons Aegons
reign reign
one one
queens queen
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
would would
sit sit
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegon Aegon
sister sister
away away
capital capital
one one
progresses progress
AC AC
Aegon Aegon
Aegonfort Aegonfort
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
stood stood
torn torn
construction construction
Red Red
Keep Keep
began began
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
remained remained
stood stood
Aegons Aegons
immediate immediate
successor successor
eldest eldest
son son
Aenys Aenys
faced faced
several several
rebellions rebellion
start start
reign reign
AC AC
resolved resolved
bannermen bannermen
brother brother
Prince Prince
Maegor Maegor
course course
year year
Aenys Aenys
later later
faced faced
problems problem
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
first first
following following
brothers brother
polygamous polygamous
marriage marriage
AC AC
next next
married married
son son
daughter daughter
Aegon Aegon
Rhaena Rhaena
one one
another another
AC AC
Faith Faith
rose rose
rebellion rebellion
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
eventually eventually
forcing forcing
Aenys Aenys
family family
flee flee
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aenys Aenys
died died
following following
year year
illness illness
Aenyss Aenyss
brother brother
Maegor Maegor
returned returned
exile exile
claimed claimed
throne throne
late late
kings king
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
unable unable
travel travel
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Maegor Maegor
took took
throne throne
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Alyssa Alyssa
Velaryon Velaryon
proclaimed proclaimed
Aegon Aegon
king king
Driftmark Driftmark
came came
forth forth
support support
Called Called
pretender pretender
Aegon Aegon
Uncrowned Uncrowned
Aegon Aegon
took took
arms arm
Maegor Maegor
AC AC
slipped slipped
capital capital
claim claim
dragon dragon
Quicksilver Quicksilver
Aegon Aegon
fell fell
Maegor Maegor
Battle Battle
Beneath Beneath
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
later later
year year
however however
sixyear sixyear
rule rule
Maegor Maegor
continued continued
fight fight
Faith Faith
harshly harshly
causing causing
deaths death
thousands thousand
Notably Notably
ordered ordered
construction construction
Maegors Maegors
Holdfast Holdfast
within within
Red Red
Keep Keep
AC AC
Red Red
Keep Keep
completed completed
AC AC
Maegor Maegor
workers worker
killed killed
prevent prevent
castles castle
secrets secret
spread spread
Aenys Aenys
youngest youngest
son son
Prince Prince
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
announced announced
claim claim
throne throne
Storms Storms
End End
early early
AC AC
Maegors Maegors
main main
supporters supporter
flocked flocked
Jaehaeryss Jaehaeryss
side side
leaving leaving
insufficient insufficient
men men
defend defend
Maegor Maegor
found found
dead dead
seated seated
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Queen Queen
Elinor Elinor
Costayne Costayne
hours hour
last last
war war
council council
cause cause
Maegors Maegors
death death
still still
debated debated
several several
potential potential
murderers murderer
put put
forth forth
suggesting suggesting
Maegor Maegor
killed killed
throne throne
others others
Maegor Maegor
taken taken
life life
Following Following
death death
Maegor Maegor
succeeded succeeded
brothers brother
youngest youngest
son son
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
reigned reigned
fiftyfive fiftyfive
years year
recognized recognized
first first
sisters sister
eldest eldest
daughter daughter
Aerea Aerea
Targaryen Targaryen
heir heir
followed followed
daughter daughter
Daenerys Daenerys
later later
son son
Aemon Aemon
Aemons Aemons
death death
AC AC
resulted resulted
crisis crisis
line line
succession succession
forcing forcing
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
choose choose
Aemons Aemons
daughter daughter
child child
Rhaenys Rhaenys
second second
son son
Baelon Baelon
Baelon Baelon
named named
pregnant pregnant
Rhaenys Rhaenys
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
passed passed
also also
unborn unborn
son son
Upon Upon
Baelons Baelons
death death
AC AC
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
called called
first first
Great Great
Council Council
Harrenhal Harrenhal
appoint appoint
new new
heir heir
thirteen thirteen
days day
fourteen fourteen
claims claim
discussed discussed
lords lord
realm realm
lords lord
assembled assembled
eventually eventually
chose chose
Rhaenyss Rhaenyss
son son
Laenor Laenor
Velaryon Velaryon
Baelons Baelons
eldest eldest
son son
Viserys Viserys
elder elder
Viserys Viserys
chosen chosen
great great
majority majority
votes vote
Viseryss Viseryss
reign reign
gave gave
peace peace
plenty plenty
realm realm
AC AC
passing passing
judgement judgement
seated seated
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Viserys Viserys
injured injured
severely severely
barbs barb
Maester Maester
Gerardys Gerardys
managed managed
save save
kings king
life life
amputation amputation
two two
Viseryss Viseryss
fingers finger
Following Following
death death
second second
son son
Prince Prince
Baelon Baelon
Viserys Viserys
officially officially
proclaimed proclaimed
daughter daughter
Princess Princess
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
heir heir
Viserys Viserys
remarried remarried
death death
first first
wife wife
despite despite
three three
sons son
second second
marriage marriage
continued continued
view view
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
heir heir
Viserys Viserys
death death
early early
AC AC
Aegon Aegon
Elder Elder
eldest eldest
son son
claimed claimed
throne throne
making making
use use
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryens Targaryens
presence presence
Dragonstone Dragonstone
pregnancy pregnancy
Brother Brother
sister sister
fought fought
throne throne
two two
half half
years year
followed followed
struggle struggle
called called
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
AC AC
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
took took
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
sat sat
first first
night night
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
accept accept
fealty fealty
present present
Red Red
Keep Keep
Even Even
though though
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
wore wore
armor armor
time time
Septon Septon
Eustace Eustace
one one
supporters supporter
Aegon Aegon
II II
claims claim
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
cuts cut
legs leg
palm palm
left left
hand hand
got got
throne throne
Eustace Eustace
claimed claimed
indication indication
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
spurned spurned
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
fled fled
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
half half
year year
later later
Storming Storming
Dragonpit Dragonpit
two two
new new
kings king
declared declared
Moon Moon
Three Three
Kings Kings
Trystane Trystane
Truefyre Truefyre
young young
squire squire
took took
possession possession
Red Red
Keep Keep
sat sat
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Gaemon Gaemon
Palehair Palehair
small small
child child
Aegon Aegon
II II
fed fed
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
dragon dragon
Sunfyre Sunfyre
fall fall
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Trystane Trystane
Gaemon Gaemon
eventually eventually
arrested arrested
Lord Lord
Borros Borros
Baratheon Baratheon
Since Since
Aegon Aegon
away away
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Alicent Alicent
Hightower Hightower
received received
submission submission
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
lower lower
steps step
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
crippled crippled
Aegon Aegon
unable unable
climb climb
steps step
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
returned returned
capital capital
instead instead
used used
carved carved
cushioned cushioned
wooden wooden
seat seat
Aegon Aegon
killed killed
poison poison
half half
year year
later later
Battle Battle
Kingsroad Kingsroad
body body
laid laid
upon upon
bier bier
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Lads Lads
arrived arrived
Red Red
Keep Keep
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
eleven eleven
yearold yearold
son son
Aegon Aegon
Younger Younger
crowned crowned
king king
married married
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
daughter daughter
remaining remaining
child child
Jaehaera Jaehaera
Targaryen Targaryen
uniting uniting
claims claim
Lord Lord
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
briefly briefly
served served
Hand Hand
King King
socalled socalled
Hour Hour
Wolf Wolf
Although Although
Cregan Cregan
might might
sat sat
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Hand Hand
instead instead
used used
simple simple
wooden wooden
bench bench
beneath beneath
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
died died
AC AC
regency regency
Aegon Aegon
III III
body body
placed placed
beneath beneath
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
seven seven
days day
Unlike Unlike
Cregan Cregan
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Unwin Unwin
Peake Peake
used used
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
serving serving
Aegons Aegons
Hand Hand
Aegon Aegon
sat sat
throne throne
Maidens Maidens
Day Day
Cattle Cattle
Show Show
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
succeeded succeeded
AC AC
fourteenyear fourteenyear
old old
son son
Daeron Daeron
led led
conquest conquest
Dorne Dorne
Young Young
Dragon Dragon
slain slain
Dornishmen Dornishmen
four four
years year
later later
however however
succeeded succeeded
brother brother
Baelor Baelor
Baelor Baelor
Blessed Blessed
died died
AC AC
fortyday fortyday
fast fast
succession succession
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
unclear unclear
claims claim
Baelors Baelors
three three
sisters sister
discussed discussed
dismissed dismissed
Baelors Baelors
uncle uncle
Viserys Viserys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
crowned crowned
Viserys Viserys
reigned reigned
year year
said said
truly truly
ruled ruled
preserved preserved
land land
much much
longer longer
Hand Hand
King King
time time
brother brother
Aegon Aegon
IIIs IIIs
reign reign
well well
reigns reign
nephews nephew
Daeron Daeron
Baelor Baelor
Despite Despite
shortness shortness
reign reign
Viserys Viserys
implemented implemented
several several
new new
reforms reform
Viserys Viserys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
sudden sudden
illness illness
eldest eldest
son son
ascended ascended
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
remembered remembered
history history
Unworthy Unworthy
deathbed deathbed
Aegon Aegon
legitimized legitimized
bastards bastard
including including
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
bastard bastard
son son
cousin cousin
Daena Daena
Targaryen Targaryen
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
fought fought
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegons Aegons
heir heir
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
brought brought
Dorne Dorne
peacefully peacefully
realm realm
early early
reign reign
wedding wedding
younger younger
sister sister
Daenerys Daenerys
goodbrother goodbrother
Maron Maron
Martell Martell
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
previously previously
gifted gifted
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Targaryen Targaryen
sword sword
Blackfyre Blackfyre
typically typically
considered considered
sword sword
kings king
combined combined
growing growing
Dornish Dornish
influence influence
court court
brought brought
resentment resentment
Daeron Daeron
II II
AC AC
Daemon Daemon
announced announced
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
beginning beginning
First First
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
died died
Battle Battle
Redgrass Redgrass
Field Field
later later
year year
two two
eldest eldest
sons son
remaining remaining
children child
fled fled
Essos Essos
Four Four
rebellions rebellion
would would
follow follow
decades decade
followed followed
second second
third third
rebellions rebellion
took took
place place
reign reign
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
fourth fourth
reign reign
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
fifth fifth
final final
rebellion rebellion
part part
War War
Ninepenny Ninepenny
Kings Kings
reign reign
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Following Following
death death
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryens Targaryens
eldest eldest
son son
Baelor Baelor
Baelors Baelors
two two
sons son
Valarr Valarr
Matarys Matarys
Daeron Daeron
succeeded succeeded
second second
son son
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
new new
kings king
first first
heir heir
brother brother
Rhaegel Rhaegel
Rhaegels Rhaegels
death death
Aerys Aerys
acknowledged acknowledged
Rhaegels Rhaegels
son son
Aelor Aelor
heir heir
Aelor Aelor
died died
AC AC
mishap mishap
caused caused
twin twin
sister sister
wife wife
Aelora Aelora
Aeryss Aeryss
third third
heir heir
Aelora Aelora
However However
mad mad
grief grief
committed committed
suicide suicide
sometime sometime
later later
leaving leaving
Aerys Aerys
recognize recognize
fourth fourth
last last
heir heir
throne throne
youngest youngest
brother brother
Maekar Maekar
Aerys Aerys
died died
AC AC
Maekar Maekar
succeeded succeeded
Maekar Maekar
reign reign
lasted lasted
AC AC
king king
fell fell
battle battle
fighting fighting
rebellious rebellious
lord lord
Dornish Dornish
Marches Marches
Peake Peake
Uprising Uprising
Great Great
Council Council
convened convened
Maekars Maekars
death death
fourth fourth
son son
chosen chosen
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
Aegon Aegon
Unlikely Unlikely
perished perished
AC AC
tragedy tragedy
Summerhall Summerhall
however however
succeeded succeeded
second second
son son
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
II II
died died
three three
years year
later later
illness illness
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
followed followed
son son
Aerys Aerys
II II
Although Although
reign reign
began began
promising promising
Aeryss Aeryss
madness madness
slowly slowly
grew grew
AC AC
become become
known known
“ “
Mad Mad
King King
” ”
“ “
King King
Scab Scab
” ”
cut cut
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
many many
times time
Following Following
abduction abduction
Lyanna Lyanna
Stark Stark
Aeryss Aeryss
son son
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Mad Mad
King King
executed executed
father father
brother brother
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
Stark Stark
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
throne throne
room room
AC AC
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Kingsguard Kingsguard
stood stood
foot foot
Iron Iron
throne throne
executions execution
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
refused refused
Aeryss Aeryss
order order
kill kill
Rickards Rickards
heir heir
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Eyrie Eyrie
however however
beginning beginning
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
north north
parts part
stormlands stormlands
riverlands riverlands
rose rose
Aerys Aerys
westerlands westerlands
joined joined
rebels rebel
Rhaegars Rhaegars
death death
Battle Battle
Trident Trident
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
host host
Mad Mad
King King
ordered ordered
pyromancers pyromancer
destroy destroy
capital capital
wildfire wildfire
plot plot
Jaime Jaime
Tywins Tywins
eldest eldest
son son
hauled hauled
Aerys Aerys
steps step
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
cut cut
throat throat
even even
though though
Kingsguard Kingsguard
sworn sworn
protect protect
king king
Jaime Jaime
climbed climbed
steps step
waited waited
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
see see
would would
claim claim
eventually eventually
climbing climbing
arrival arrival
Ned Ned
Stark Stark
throne throne
room room
Rhaegars Rhaegars
children child
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Aegon Aegon
murdered murdered
Ser Ser
Amory Amory
Lorch Lorch
Ser Ser
Gregor Gregor
Clegane Clegane
Sack Sack
Tywin Tywin
childrens childrens
bodies body
covered covered
crimson crimson
cloaks cloak
placed placed
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
await await
arrival arrival
Robert Robert
claimed claimed
throne throne
king king
Aeryss Aeryss
wife wife
Rhaella Rhaella
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
giving giving
birth birth
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aeryss Aeryss
surviving surviving
son son
young young
Viserys Viserys
fled fled
Daenerys Daenerys
exile exile
Free Free
Cities Cities
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
ascended ascended
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
AC AC
Robert Robert
came came
strongly strongly
dislike dislike
kingship kingship
according according
Donal Donal
Noye Noye
becoming becoming
king king
changed changed
Robert Robert
better better
Finding Finding
ruling ruling
realm realm
tedious tedious
Robert Robert
refers refers
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
damnable damnable
monstrous monstrous
uncomfortable uncomfortable
chair chair
Meanwhile Meanwhile
love love
tourneys tourney
feasts feast
beggared beggared
realm realm
despite despite
fact fact
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
left left
treasure treasure
vaults vault
overflowing overflowing
gold gold
Roberts Roberts
spending spending
left left
crown crown
debt debt
six six
million million
golden golden
dragons dragon
AC AC
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
proclaimed proclaimed
independence independence
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
led led
Greyjoys Greyjoys
Rebellion Rebellion
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
rebellion rebellion
put put
within within
year year
Robert Robert
pardoned pardoned
Balon Balon
siege siege
Pyke Pyke
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Hand Hand
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
sits sits
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
king king
hunting hunting
kingswood kingswood
Roberts Roberts
reign reign
comes come
end end
wife wife
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
arranges arranges
death death
eldest eldest
son son
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
takes take
throne throne
Robert Robert
acknowledged acknowledged
Joffrey Joffrey
trueborn trueborn
son son
father father
Cerseis Cerseis
children child
actually actually
twin twin
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Kingsguard Kingsguard
hunting hunting
tapestries tapestry
replaced replaced
dragon dragon
skulls skull
taken taken
throne throne
rooms room
walls wall
Joffreys Joffreys
first first
court court
session session
throne throne
room room
young young
king king
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelle Pycelle
read read
royal royal
decrees decree
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
dismissed dismissed
duties duty
Roberts Roberts
youngest youngest
brother brother
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
puts put
forward forward
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Joffrey Joffrey
capriciously capriciously
orders order
beheading beheading
Lord Lord
Stark Stark
outside outside
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
Stark Stark
Tully Tully
bannermen bannermen
gathered gathered
Riverrun Riverrun
declare declare
Neds Neds
heir heir
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
King King
North North
north north
riverlands riverlands
secede secede
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Renlys Renlys
older older
brother brother
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
announces announces
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
thrown thrown
greater greater
turmoil turmoil
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
acting acting
Kings Kings
Hand Hand
Joffrey Joffrey
holds hold
audience audience
throne throne
Essos Essos
exiled exiled
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
intends intends
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Westeros Westeros
Renly Renly
assassinated assassinated
siege siege
Storms Storms
End End
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
enters enters
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
opportunism opportunism
reestablish reestablish
independence independence
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Following Following
Stanniss Stanniss
defeat defeat
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Joffrey Joffrey
hosts host
great great
audience audience
Great Great
Hall Hall
cuts cut
arm arm
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Ser Ser
Axell Axell
Florent Florent
claims claim
seen seen
vision vision
flames flame
Stannis Stannis
sitting sitting
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
dies dy
Pyke Pyke
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
King King
North North
King King
Trident Trident
slain slain
Twins Twins
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
believed believed
largely largely
ended ended
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
draped draped
long long
silk silk
streamers streamer
royal royal
wedding wedding
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
young young
king king
poisoned poisoned
wedding wedding
feast feast
throne throne
room room
however however
younger younger
brother brother
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
crowned crowned
place place
Tommen Tommen
controlled controlled
advisors advisor
mother mother
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
grandfather grandfather
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
serves serf
Hand Hand
King King
trial trial
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
accused accused
murdered murdered
Joffrey Joffrey
held held
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Following Following
murder murder
Tywin Tywin
Tyrion Tyrion
Cersei Cersei
holds hold
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
regent regent
behalf behalf
son son
young young
Tommen Tommen
Cersei Cersei
dream dream
sitting sitting
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
turns turn
nightmare nightmare
Cersei Cersei
refuses refuse
allow allow
Tommen Tommen
sit sit
sharp sharp
throne throne
monarch monarch
Hand Hand
King King
Cersei Cersei
rules rule
goldandcrimson goldandcrimson
high high
seat seat
beneath beneath
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
plots plot
crown crown
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
Tommens Tommens
older older
sister sister
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
queen queen
plot plot
falters falter
Greenblood Greenblood
however however
Euron Euron
Greyjoy Greyjoy
chosen chosen
Balons Balons
successor successor
King King
Isles Isles
North North
kingsmoot kingsmoot
plans plan
conquer conquer
Westeros Westeros
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Cersei Cersei
reestablishes reestablishes
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
arrested arrested
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
various various
crimes crime
uncle uncle
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
becomes becomes
regent regent
place place
Tommen Tommen
continues continues
hold hold
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
regency regency
granduncle granduncle
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
Stannis Stannis
still still
maintains maintains
claim claim
even even
north north
exiled exiled
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
leads lead
landing landing
Golden Golden
Company Company
stormlands stormlands
sellswords sellswords
plot plot
place place
Aegon Aegon
VI VI
Targaryen Targaryen
throne throne
Kevan Kevan
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelle Pycelle
murdered murdered
Varys Varys
supporter supporter
Aegon Aegon
Red Red
Keep Keep
Inheritance Inheritance
customs custom
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
differ differ
inheritance inheritance
customs custom
rest rest
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Generally Generally
like like
elsewhere elsewhere
kingdom kingdom
malepreference malepreference
primogeniture primogeniture
customary customary
Aenys Aenys
eldest eldest
son son
King King
Aegon Aegon
first first
king king
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
considered considered
Aegons Aegons
clear clear
successor successor
birth birth
Aenyss Aenyss
first first
child child
Rhaena Rhaena
brought brought
forth forth
question question
stand stand
next next
line line
following following
Aenys Aenys
daughter daughter
Rhaena Rhaena
younger younger
brother brother
Maegor Maegor
birth birth
Aenyss Aenyss
son son
Aegon Aegon
settled settled
discussion discussion
succeed succeed
Aenys Aenys
although although
concluded concluded
whether whether
Rhaena Rhaena
Maegor Maegor
stood stood
earlier earlier
line line
succession succession
Aenys Aenys
died died
brother brother
Maegor Maegor
took took
throne throne
force force
ignoring ignoring
claim claim
Aenyss Aenyss
son son
Aegon Aegon
Following Following
Aegons Aegons
death death
wife wife
Rhaena Rhaena
feared feared
safety safety
eldest eldest
daughter daughter
Aerea Aerea
stood stood
Aegons Aegons
heir heir
laws law
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Aerea Aerea
eventually eventually
appointed appointed
Maegor Maegor
heir heir
would would
son son
However However
Maegor Maegor
Cruel Cruel
died died
childless childless
several several
claims claim
discussed discussed
surviving surviving
son son
late late
King King
Aenys Aenys
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryens Targaryens
claim claim
strong strong
However However
elder elder
brother brother
Aegon Aegon
claimed claimed
throne throne
considered considered
true true
king king
throne throne
pass pas
eldest eldest
child child
Aerea Aerea
even even
suggested suggested
claim claim
Princess Princess
Rhaena Rhaena
Aenys Aenys
eldest eldest
child child
strongest strongest
However However
Aerea Aerea
younger younger
twin twin
discounted discounted
account account
sex sex
young young
age age
Rhaena Rhaena
account account
sex sex
alone alone
result result
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
ascended ascended
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
named named
niece niece
Aerea Aerea
heir heir
well well
position position
held held
five five
years year
exception exception
three three
days day
AC AC
birth birth
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
AC AC
title title
heir heir
apparent apparent
given given
Prince Prince
Aemon Aemon
following following
birth birth
two two
years year
later later
upsetting upsetting
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
Aemon Aemon
remained remained
heir heir
throne throne
death death
battle battle
AC AC
Aemons Aemons
death death
caused caused
crisis crisis
succession succession
issue issue
daughter daughter
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Rhaenys Rhaenys
pregnant pregnant
upon upon
death death
father father
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
appointed appointed
Aemons Aemons
brother brother
Baelon Baelon
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Rhaenys Rhaenys
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
passed passed
also also
unborn unborn
son son
Upon Upon
Baelons Baelons
death death
AC AC
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
followed followed
advice advice
surviving surviving
son son
Vaegon Vaegon
called called
first first
Great Great
Council Council
fourteen fourteen
claims claim
considered considered
Nine Nine
lesser lesser
claims claim
dismissed dismissed
including including
man man
claiming claiming
descent descent
Lord Lord
Gaemon Gaemon
Targaryen Targaryen
daughter daughter
three three
bastard bastard
grandsons grandson
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
daughter daughter
Saera Saera
man man
claiming claiming
bastard bastard
son son
Maegor Maegor
hedge hedge
knight knight
claiming claiming
bastard bastard
son son
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Archmaester Archmaester
Vaegon Vaegon
Jaehaeryss Jaehaeryss
remaining remaining
son son
Princess Princess
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Targaryen Targaryen
Jaehaeryss Jaehaeryss
grandchild grandchild
eldest eldest
son son
Aemon Aemon
Laena Laena
Velaryon Velaryon
Rhaenyss Rhaenyss
eldest eldest
child child
two two
claims claim
remained remained
belonged belonged
Laenor Laenor
Velaryon Velaryon
Rhaenyss Rhaenyss
son son
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Baelon Baelon
Laenor Laenor
descended descended
king king
king king
’ ’
s s
eldest eldest
son son
primogeniture primogeniture
favored favored
proximity proximity
favored favored
Viserys Viserys
Viserys Viserys
king king
’ ’
s s
grandson grandson
Laenor Laenor
greatgrandson greatgrandson
Laenors Laenors
young young
age age
spoke spoke
however however
lords lord
present present
voted voted
Viserys Viserys
Laenor Laenor
twenty twenty
one one
Many Many
felt felt
male male
line line
preferred preferred
female female
line line
believed believed
decision decision
Great Great
Council Council
set set
precedent precedent
stating stating
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
could could
pass pas
woman woman
male male
descendants descendant
woman woman
Ironically Ironically
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
crowned crowned
king king
disregarded disregarded
precedents precedent
AC AC
naming naming
daughter daughter
remaining remaining
child child
time time
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
heir heir
Despite Despite
birth birth
three three
healthy healthy
sons son
second second
marriage marriage
years year
followed followed
Viserys Viserys
remained remained
intent intent
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
succeed succeed
Viseryss Viseryss
decision decision
would would
eventually eventually
lead lead
civil civil
war war
known known
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
eldest eldest
son son
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
claimed claimed
throne throne
ignoring ignoring
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
’ ’
s s
status status
heir heir
war war
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
sons son
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Maelor Maelor
died died
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
eldest eldest
three three
sons son
Jacaerys Jacaerys
Lucerys Lucerys
Joffrey Joffrey
Velaryon Velaryon
youngest youngest
son son
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
presumed presumed
dead dead
attempt attempt
end end
war war
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
ensured ensured
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
remaining remaining
heir heir
daughter daughter
Jaehaera Jaehaera
betrothed betrothed
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
son son
Aegon Aegon
Younger Younger
named named
Aegon Aegon
IIs IIs
heirs heir
Following Following
Aegon Aegon
II II
’ ’
s s
death death
Aegon Aegon
III III
crowned crowned
agnatic agnatic
principle principle
laid laid
Great Great
Council Council
AC AC
slightly slightly
modified modified
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Thereafter Thereafter
according according
semicanon semicanon
source source
women woman
came came
men men
Targaryen Targaryen
succession succession
ie ie
women woman
could could
succeed succeed
entire entire
male male
line line
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
became became
extinct extinct
Nonetheless Nonetheless
several several
females female
claims claim
since since
considered considered
AC AC
following following
deaths death
Aegon Aegon
IIIs IIIs
sons son
Daeron Daeron
Baelor Baelor
childless childless
claims claim
Aegons Aegons
three three
daughters daughter
considered considered
However However
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
still still
fresh fresh
minds mind
claims claim
three three
women woman
passed passed
Aegons Aegons
brother brother
Viserys Viserys
II II
ascended ascended
throne throne
Another Another
decades decade
later later
King King
Maekar Maekar
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
without without
clearly clearly
established established
heir heir
simpleminded simpleminded
granddaughter granddaughter
Vaella Vaella
Targaryen Targaryen
child child
Maekars Maekars
eldest eldest
son son
seen seen
possible possible
claimant claimant
However However
claim claim
quickly quickly
dismissed dismissed
AC AC
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
led led
death death
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sisterwife sisterwife
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
Targaryen Targaryen
pregnant pregnant
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aeryss Aeryss
surviving surviving
son son
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
declared declared
king king
island island
fortress fortress
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
however however
acceded acceded
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
right right
conquest conquest
chosen chosen
claimant claimant
rebels rebel
due due
Targaryen Targaryen
descent descent
grandson grandson
Princess Princess
Rhaelle Rhaelle
Targaryen Targaryen
youngest youngest
daughter daughter
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
gave gave
better better
claim claim
among among
rebels rebel
Nonetheless Nonetheless
exiled exiled
Viserys Viserys
declared declared
sister sister
Daenerys Daenerys
heir heir
naming naming
Princess Princess
Dragonstone Dragonstone
following following
Viseryss Viseryss
death death
Daenerys Daenerys
declared declared
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
following following
kings king
ruled ruled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
seat seat
fear fear
Stark Stark
keeping keeping
warm warm
friend friend
Robert Robert
comfortable comfortable
seat seat
Im Im
afraidHe afraidHe
spoke spoke
truly truly
monstrous monstrous
uncomfortable uncomfortable
chair chair
ways way
oneI oneI
swear swear
sitting sitting
throne throne
thousand thousand
times time
harder harder
winning winning
oneSeat oneSeat
Stannis Stannis
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
promise promise
realm realm
bleedWhen bleedWhen
dead dead
men men
come come
hunting hunting
night night
think think
matters matter
sits sits
Iron Iron
ThroneThey ThroneThey
keep keep
red red
castle castle
iron iron
chair chair
wellTell wellTell
right right
brother brother
Robert Robert
ever ever
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Oh Oh
talk talk
blood blood
ties tie
Baratheon Baratheon
Targaryen Targaryen
weddings wedding
hundred hundred
years year
past past
second second
sons son
elder elder
daughters daughter
one one
maesters maesters
care care
Robert Robert
throne throne
warhammerThis warhammerThis
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
speak speak
sounds sound
monstrous monstrous
cold cold
hard hard
can can
not not
bear bear
thought thought
jagged jagged
barbs barb
cutting cutting
sweet sweet
skinJorah skinJorah
Aegon Aegon
Dragon Dragon
stepped stepped
ashore ashore
Westeros Westeros
kings king
Vale Vale
Rock Rock
Reach Reach
rush rush
hand hand
crowns crown
mean mean
sit sit
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
must must
win win
steel steel
dragonfire dragonfire
mean mean
blood blood
hands hand
thing thing
done done
Daenerys Daenerys
blood blood
enemies enemy
shed shed
gladly gladly
blood blood
innocents innocent
another another
matterStannis matterStannis
ever ever
seen seen
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
barbs barb
along along
back back
ribbons ribbon
twisted twisted
steel steel
jagged jagged
ends end
swords sword
knives knife
tangled tangled
melted melted
comfortable comfortable
seat seat
ser ser
Aerys Aerys
cut cut
often often
men men
took took
calling calling
King King
Scab Scab
Maegor Maegor
Cruel Cruel
murdered murdered
chair chair
chair chair
hear hear
tell tell
seat seat
man man
rest rest
ease ease
Ofttimes Ofttimes
wonder wonder
brothers brother
wanted wanted
desperately desperately
Davos Davos
would would
want want
end end
Mad Mad
King King
become become
fearful fearful
would would
allow allow
blade blade
presence presence
save save
swords sword
Kingsguard Kingsguard
wore wore
beard beard
matted matted
unwashed unwashed
hair hair
silvergold silvergold
tangle tangle
reached reached
waist waist
fingernails fingernail
cracked cracked
yellow yellow
claws claw
nine nine
inches inch
long long
Yet Yet
still still
blades blade
tormented tormented
ones one
could could
never never
escape escape
blades blade
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
arms arm
legs leg
always always
covered covered
scabs scab
halfhealed halfhealed
cutsIf cutsIf
Daenerys Daenerys
sweet sweet
young young
girl girl
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
cut cut
sweet sweet
young young
piecesI piecesI
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
swords sword
allegianceGeorge allegianceGeorge
R R
R R
Martin Martin
intends intends
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
intimidating intimidating
interview interview
referenced referenced
Percy Percy
Bysshe Bysshe
Shelleys Shelleys
poem poem
Ozymandias Ozymandias
Look Look
works work
ye ye
Mighty Mighty
despair despair
Year Year
Conquest Conquest
AC AC
year year
Westerosi Westerosi
calendar calendar
th th
Aegons Aegons
crowning crowning
Oldtown Oldtown
maesters maesters
educated educated
people people
use use
reference reference
date date
years year
AC AC
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
Targaryen Targaryen
Hand Hand
King King
died died
tourney tourney
Ashford Ashford
Later Later
year year
Great Great
Spring Spring
Sickness Sickness
began began
killed killed
tens ten
thousands thousand
including including
Baelors Baelors
father father
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
well well
Baelors Baelors
two two
sons son
King King
Daerons Daerons
direct direct
heirs heir
Prince Prince
Valarr Valarr
Prince Prince
Matarys Matarys
Targaryen Targaryen
Daerons Daerons
second second
son son
Prince Prince
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
crowned crowned
King King
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
next next
male male
line line
Year Year
Conquest Conquest
AC AC
year year
Westerosi Westerosi
calendar calendar
nd nd
Aegons Aegons
crowning crowning
Oldtown Oldtown
maesters maesters
educated educated
people people
use use
reference reference
date date
years year
AC AC
saw saw
second second
half half
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
ended ended
death death
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Trident Trident
deaths death
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
Targaryen Targaryen
fled fled
city city
son son
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
whilst whilst
pregnant pregnant
Aerys Aerys
last last
child child
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
followed followed
coronation coronation
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
new new
king king
lifting lifting
Siege Siege
Storms Storms
End End
death death
Lyanna Lyanna
Stark Stark
Tower Tower
Joy Joy
Howland Howland
Reed Reed
Lord Lord
Greywater Greywater
Watch Watch
head head
House House
Reed Reed
holding holding
dominion dominion
crannogmen crannogmen
Neck Neck
Howlands Howlands
children child
wife wife
Jyana Jyana
Meera Meera
Jojen Jojen
close close
friend friend
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Howland Howland
played played
Leo Leo
Woodruff Woodruff
flashbacks flashback
Season Season
Howland Howland
small small
man man
like like
crannogmen crannogmen
described described
daughter daughter
Meera Meera
Reed Reed
brave brave
strong strong
smart smart
youth youth
Young Young
Howland Howland
wore wore
shirt shirt
bronze bronze
scales scale
wielded wielded
threepronged threepronged
spear spear
leather leather
shield shield
According According
tale tale
told told
daughter daughter
Meera Meera
Howland Howland
grew grew
hunting hunting
fishing fishing
climbing climbing
trees tree
learning learning
magic magic
crannogmen crannogmen
reached reached
age age
majority majority
bold bold
Howland Howland
sought sought
additional additional
knowledge knowledge
paddled paddled
small small
skin skin
boat boat
Green Green
Fork Fork
evaded evaded
Twins Twins
night night
visited visited
Isle Isle
Faces Faces
search search
green green
men men
stayed stayed
island island
winter winter
Howland Howland
left left
Isle Isle
Faces Faces
AC AC
year year
false false
spring spring
observe observe
great great
tourney tourney
Harrenhal Harrenhal
held held
Lord Lord
Walter Walter
Whent Whent
Howland Howland
walked walked
across across
tourney tourney
field field
attacked attacked
three three
squires squire
younger younger
taller taller
Lyanna Lyanna
Stark Stark
came came
rescue rescue
however however
crannogman crannogman
vassal vassal
father father
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
girl girl
chased chased
three three
squires squire
away away
tourney tourney
sword sword
Afterwards Afterwards
brought brought
tent tent
introduced introduced
three three
brothers brother
Brandon Brandon
Eddard Eddard
Benjen Benjen
Lyanna Lyanna
insisted insisted
attend attend
feast feast
held held
evening evening
Harrenhal Harrenhal
mark mark
start start
tourney tourney
Howland Howland
accompanied accompanied
four four
Stark Stark
siblings sibling
recognized recognized
three three
squires squire
attacked attacked
earlier earlier
Benjen Benjen
offered offered
find find
Howland Howland
horse horse
armor armor
could could
avenge avenge
Howland Howland
gave gave
answer answer
Although Although
wanted wanted
take take
revenge revenge
feared feared
making making
fool fool
knight knight
Howland Howland
prayed prayed
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
old old
gods god
given given
place place
Eddards Eddards
tent tent
night night
second second
day day
jousting jousting
short short
mystery mystery
knight knight
dubbed dubbed
Knight Knight
Laughing Laughing
Tree Tree
entered entered
joust joust
challenged challenged
three three
knights knight
whose whose
squires squire
attacked attacked
crannogman crannogman
three three
knights knight
defeated defeated
mystery mystery
knight knight
demanded demanded
knights knight
teach teach
squires squire
honor honor
ransom ransom
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
convinced convinced
mystery mystery
knight knight
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
newly newly
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
nobles noble
went went
search search
Knight Knight
Laughing Laughing
Tree Tree
mystery mystery
knights knight
identity identity
never never
revealed revealed
abduction abduction
Lyanna Lyanna
Stark Stark
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
led led
imprisonment imprisonment
executions execution
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Howland Howland
joined joined
northern northern
host host
ensuing ensuing
war war
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
one one
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Starks Starks
staunch staunch
companions companion
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
siege siege
Storms Storms
End End
Howland Howland
five five
northmen northman
accompanied accompanied
Ned Ned
Stark Stark
south south
Red Red
Mountains Mountains
search search
Lyanna Lyanna
Howland Howland
Eddard Eddard
survivors survivor
combat combat
tower tower
joy joy
seven seven
northmen northman
three three
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ned Ned
later later
told told
second second
son son
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Howland Howland
saved saved
life life
Ser Ser
Arthur Arthur
Dayne Dayne
Eddard Eddard
found found
Lyanna Lyanna
sister sister
died died
Howland Howland
among among
found found
Ned Ned
still still
holding holding
Lyanna Lyanna
silent silent
grief grief
person person
took took
Lyannas Lyannas
hand hand
Eddards Eddards
Howland Howland
returned returned
north north
departed departed
swamps swamp
Neck Neck
since since
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
periodically periodically
sent sent
letters letter
friend friend
Bran Bran
can can
not not
recall recall
crannogmen crannogmen
visited visited
Winterfell Winterfell
Howland Howland
taught taught
netfighting netfighting
daughter daughter
Meera Meera
Reed Reed
unknown unknown
Howland Howland
became became
Lord Lord
Greywater Greywater
Watch Watch
whether whether
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
called called
northern northern
banners banner
rescue rescue
father father
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
sends sends
word word
Howland Howland
crannogmen crannogmen
bleed bleed
Lannisters Lannisters
march march
causeway causeway
Neck Neck
Eddards Eddards
execution execution
order order
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Robb Robb
proclaimed proclaimed
King King
North North
Riverrun Riverrun
Upon Upon
learning learning
son son
Jojen Jojen
green green
dream dream
winged winged
wolf wolf
Howland Howland
sends sends
children child
Greywater Greywater
Watch Watch
Winterfell Winterfell
Jojen Jojen
elder elder
sister sister
Meera Meera
recite recite
oath oath
fealty fealty
Robbs Robbs
younger younger
brother brother
Prince Prince
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
harvest harvest
feast feast
capture capture
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
intends intends
hold hold
Meera Meera
Jojen Jojen
hostages hostage
prevent prevent
Howland Howland
attacking attacking
ironborn ironborn
Lord Lord
Captain Captain
Victarion Victarion
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Reed Reed
children child
escape escape
Theon Theon
however however
hide hide
crypt crypt
Winterfell Winterfell
Hags Hags
Mire Mire
King King
Robb Robb
tasks task
Galbart Galbart
Glover Glover
Maege Maege
Mormont Mormont
sailing sailing
Neck Neck
inform inform
Howland Howland
plan plan
recover recover
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Victarions Victarions
ironborn ironborn
Robb Robb
killed killed
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
plan plan
put put
action action
however however
Attacks Attacks
crannogmen crannogmen
weaken weaken
ironborn ironborn
garrison garrison
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Outlaws Outlaws
led led
Lady Lady
Stoneheart Stoneheart
said said
vanished vanished
Neck Neck
Ser Ser
Danwell Danwell
Frey Frey
thinking thinking
sheltered sheltered
crannogmen crannogmen
Theon Theon
resolves resolve
siege siege
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
meager meager
ironborn ironborn
garrison garrison
surrendering surrendering
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
utilizes utilizes
decoy decoy
case case
assassination assassination
attempt attempt
crannogmen crannogmen
Howland Howland
Reed Reed
great great
friend friend
fatherThe fatherThe
finest finest
knight knight
ever ever
saw saw
Ser Ser
Arthur Arthur
Dayne Dayne
fought fought
blade blade
called called
Dawn Dawn
forged forged
heart heart
fallen fallen
star star
called called
Sword Sword
Morning Morning
would would
killed killed
Howland Howland
ReedIn ReedIn
head head
crannogman crannogman
looked looked
like like
Jojen Jojen
older older
stronger stronger
dressed dressed
like like
MeeraMy MeeraMy
father father
knew knew
worth worth
Howland Howland
ReedBran ReedBran
green green
dreams dream
like like
Jojen Jojen
Meera Meera
could could
breathe breathe
mud mud
run run
leaves leaf
change change
earth earth
water water
water water
earth earth
whispered whispered
word word
could could
talk talk
trees tree
weave weave
words word
make make
castles castle
appear appear
disappear disappear
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
stated stated
Howland Howland
would would
POV POV
character character
knows know
much much
Kingsguard Kingsguard
also also
known known
poetically poetically
White White
Swords Swords
white white
cloaks cloak
royal royal
bodyguards bodyguard
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Regarded Regarded
finest finest
knights knight
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
sworn sworn
protect protect
king king
royal royal
family family
lives life
obey obey
commands command
keep keep
secrets secret
Kingsguard Kingsguard
sworn sworn
life life
forbidden forbidden
owning owning
land land
taking taking
wife wife
fathering fathering
children child
although although
hold hold
nonhereditary nonhereditary
commands command
warden warden
Hand Hand
King King
Two Two
female female
ruling ruling
monarchs monarch
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
– –
AC AC
Queen Queen
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
ACPresent ACPresent
operated operated
Queensguard Queensguard
instead instead
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
composed composed
seven seven
men men
sworn sworn
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
serves serf
life life
regardless regardless
age age
physical physical
mental mental
ailments ailment
invalid invalid
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
incapable incapable
performing performing
duties duty
taken taken
sworn sworn
brothers brother
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
forbidden forbidden
marry marry
father father
children child
hold hold
land land
Regardless Regardless
White White
Swords Swords
may may
retain retain
granted granted
certain certain
titles title
Aemon Aemon
Targaryen Targaryen
Lewyn Lewyn
Martell Martell
continued continued
use use
style style
prince prince
Lord Lord
Commanders Commanders
Ryam Ryam
Redwyne Redwyne
Criston Criston
Cole Cole
Marston Marston
Waters Waters
also also
acted acted
Hand Hand
King King
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
named named
Warden Warden
East East
first first
duty duty
Kingsguard Kingsguard
defending defending
king king
harm harm
sworn sworn
obey obey
kings king
commands command
keep keep
secrets secret
counsel counsel
requested requested
keep keep
silent silent
defend defend
name name
honor honor
king king
decide decide
extend extend
protection protection
offered offered
Kingsguard Kingsguard
others others
kings king
chosen chosen
extend extend
protection protection
wives wife
children child
relatives relative
even even
chosen chosen
grant grant
protection protection
lovers lover
mistresses mistress
bastards bastard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
sworn sworn
protect protect
queen queen
though though
anything anything
king king
might might
also also
sworn sworn
harm harm
member member
royal royal
family family
order order
protect protect
king king
royal royal
family family
night night
day day
sevenman sevenman
Kingsguard Kingsguard
must must
rely rely
degree degree
others others
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
sworn sworn
shield shield
knights knight
trusted trusted
kings king
security security
entire entire
Kingsguard Kingsguard
meets meet
White White
Sword Sword
Tower Tower
queen queen
may may
guarded guarded
sworn sworn
shield shield
Jonquil Jonquil
Darke Darke
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
household household
knights knight
Vylarr Vylarr
red red
cloaks cloak
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
serves serf
kings king
small small
council council
small small
council council
session session
one one
Kingsguard Kingsguard
always always
stands stand
guard guard
outside outside
council council
chambers chamber
another another
usually usually
posted posted
end end
bridge bridge
Maegors Maegors
Holdfast Holdfast
Kingsguard Kingsguard
wear wear
white white
cloaks cloak
intricate intricate
suits suit
white white
enameled enameled
scales scale
fastenings fastening
breastplate breastplate
pieces piece
made made
silver silver
alone alone
bear bear
right right
carry carry
pure pure
white white
unemblazoned unemblazoned
shield shield
white white
armor armor
little little
decoration decoration
although although
members member
wear wear
decorative decorative
brooches brooch
gaudy gaudy
helms helm
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
Kingsguards Kingsguards
standard standard
depicts depicts
seven seven
silver silver
swords sword
encircling encircling
golden golden
crown crown
rite rite
making making
new new
member member
White White
Swords Swords
vary vary
solemn solemn
formal formal
event event
knight knight
kneels kneel
makes make
vows vow
king king
receives receives
white white
cloak cloak
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Hand Hand
King King
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
new new
Kingsguard Kingsguard
might might
anointed anointed
High High
Septon Septon
names name
Seven Seven
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
always always
chosen chosen
king king
seniority seniority
ability ability
playing playing
parts part
decision decision
Also Also
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
generally generally
chosen chosen
existing existing
pool pool
Kingsguard Kingsguard
white white
cloaks cloak
uninterrupted uninterrupted
history history
since since
creation creation
reign reign
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
recorded recorded
White White
Book Book
formally formally
named named
Book Book
Brothers Brothers
White White
Book Book
kept kept
White White
Sword Sword
Tower Tower
tower tower
Red Red
Keep Keep
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
home home
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Every Every
knight knight
ever ever
served served
Kingsguard Kingsguard
page page
book book
deeds deed
recorded recorded
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
tasked tasked
keeping keeping
entries entry
date date
septons septons
come come
three three
times time
year year
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
add add
heraldic heraldic
drawings drawing
illuminations illumination
Kingsguard Kingsguard
founded founded
reign reign
first first
Targaryen Targaryen
king king
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
first first
Kingsguard Kingsguard
created created
suggestion suggestion
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
Dornish Dornish
assassination assassination
attempt attempt
Aegon Aegon
streets street
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
AC AC
deliberately deliberately
modeled modeled
Kingsguard Kingsguard
vows vow
holding holding
lands land
title title
ancient ancient
vows vow
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
seven seven
knights knight
chosen chosen
king king
ruled ruled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Prince Prince
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
put put
forth forth
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
two two
Kingsguard Kingsguard
reigning reigning
King King
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
abandoned abandoned
According According
Maegor Maegor
killed killed
member member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
could could
longer longer
abide abide
tyranny tyranny
king king
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
selected selected
five five
members member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
War War
White White
Cloaks Cloaks
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Kingsguard Kingsguard
split split
knights knight
serving serving
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Queensguard Queensguard
serving serving
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
hedge hedge
knight knight
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
rose rose
become become
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Ser Ser
Jonothor Jonothor
Darry Darry
Prince Prince
Lewyn Lewyn
Martell Martell
killed killed
Battle Battle
Trident Trident
Ser Ser
Arthur Arthur
Dayne Dayne
Ser Ser
Oswell Oswell
Whent Whent
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Gerold Gerold
Hightower Hightower
died died
combat combat
tower tower
joy joy
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
slew slew
charge charge
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
earning earning
Kingslayer Kingslayer
sobriquet sobriquet
new new
king king
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
allowed allowed
Jaime Jaime
remain remain
Kingsguard Kingsguard
elevated elevated
surviving surviving
member member
Mad Mad
Kings Kings
white white
cloaks cloak
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
position position
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
death death
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
names name
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
new new
Warden Warden
East East
even even
though though
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
speaks speaks
Jaime Jaime
also also
line line
inherit inherit
title title
Warden Warden
West West
Robert Robert
later later
threatens threatens
name name
Jaime Jaime
Hand Hand
King King
Robert Robert
dies dy
gored gored
boar boar
successor successor
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
dismisses dismisses
aged aged
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
breaks break
tradition tradition
previous previous
Kingsguard Kingsguard
served served
life life
Joffrey Joffrey
elevates elevates
uncle uncle
Jaime Jaime
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
adds add
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
knight knight
Jaime Jaime
captured captured
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
battle battle
Whispering Whispering
Wood Wood
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
names name
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
first first
member member
Queensguard Queensguard
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
King King
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
protected protected
Kingsguard Kingsguard
names name
Rainbow Rainbow
Guard Guard
Joffrey Joffrey
Kingsguard Kingsguard
beat beat
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Ser Ser
Preston Preston
Greenfield Greenfield
killed killed
riot riot
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
replaced replaced
Ser Ser
Balon Balon
Swann Swann
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
removed removed
white white
cloaks cloak
protecting protecting
Prince Prince
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
replaced replaced
Ser Ser
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
Ser Ser
Mandon Mandon
Moore Moore
drowns drowns
battle battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
flees flees
battlefield battlefield
Ser Ser
Loras Loras
Tyrell Tyrell
joins join
Kingsguard Kingsguard
battle battle
Aggo Aggo
Jhogo Jhogo
Rakharo Rakharo
members member
Daeneryss Daeneryss
Queensguard Queensguard
Boros Boros
restored restored
Kingsguard Kingsguard
return return
Lady Lady
Lysa Lysa
Arryn Arryn
returning returning
kings king
peace peace
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Joffreys Joffreys
Hand Hand
names name
Lord Lord
Robert Robert
Arryn Arryn
Warden Warden
East East
instead instead
Jaime Jaime
Jaime Jaime
released released
imprisonment imprisonment
Riverrun Riverrun
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
returns return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Strong Strong
Belwas Belwas
member member
Daeneryss Daeneryss
Queensguard Queensguard
Jaime Jaime
standing standing
vigil vigil
father father
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
wears wear
long long
hauberk hauberk
scales scale
motherofpearl motherofpearl
chased chased
gold gold
failed failed
plot plot
crown crown
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakheart Oakheart
killed killed
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
Greenblood Greenblood
Dorne Dorne
Meereen Meereen
Barristan Barristan
becomes becomes
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Daeneryss Daeneryss
Queensguard Queensguard
wishes wish
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Rolly Rolly
Duckfield Duckfield
named named
first first
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Strong Strong
named named
Kingsguard Kingsguard
King King
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
unknown unknown
king king
following following
Lord Lord
Commanders Commanders
knights knight
served served
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Lord Lord
Commanders Commanders
Knights Knights
Two Two
members member
Aegons Aegons
Kingsguard Kingsguard
died died
defending defending
Two Two
members member
Maegors Maegors
Kingsguard Kingsguard
slain slain
Lord Lord
Rupert Rupert
Falwell Falwell
famed famed
Fighting Fighting
Fool Fool
Battle Battle
Great Great
Fork Fork
Blackwater Blackwater
AC AC
Maegors Maegors
death death
surviving surviving
Kingsguard Kingsguard
either either
executed executed
sent sent
join join
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
recorded recorded
maesters maesters
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knights knight
serve serve
reign reign
monarch monarch
Furthermore Furthermore
many many
historians historian
concur concur
king king
ever ever
possessed possessed
Kingsguard Kingsguard
could could
equal equal
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
first first
seven seven
reign reign
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
covered covered
war war
succession succession
known known
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
war war
eldest eldest
living living
son son
late late
King King
Viserys Viserys
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
eldest eldest
living living
child child
King King
Viserys Viserys
daughter daughter
proclaimed proclaimed
heir heir
Princess Princess
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
crowned crowned
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
Ser Ser
Robin Robin
Massey Massey
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Darklyn Darklyn
named named
white white
cloaks cloak
Aegon Aegon
III III
Robin Robin
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
appointments appointment
later later
set set
aside aside
Lord Lord
Unwin Unwin
Peake Peake
AC AC
Three Three
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knights knight
died died
trying trying
protect protect
Daeron Daeron
Dorne Dorne
one one
threw threw
sword sword
yielded yielded
AC AC
currently currently
unknown unknown
Olyvar Olyvar
Oakheart Oakheart
one one
three three
die die
AC AC
whether whether
died died
earlier earlier
Daeron Daeron
reign reign
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
concluded concluded
new new
king king
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
multiple multiple
positions position
fill fill
five five
members member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
predecessor predecessor
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
war war
Gerold Gerold
Hightower Hightower
Arthur Arthur
Dayne Dayne
Lewyn Lewyn
Martell Martell
Oswell Oswell
Whent Whent
Jonothor Jonothor
Darry Darry
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
two two
surviving surviving
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
pardoned pardoned
King King
Robert Robert
swore swore
loyalty loyalty
new new
king king
served served
members member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
throughout throughout
reign reign
five five
vacancies vacancy
filled filled
necessarily necessarily
best best
skilled skilled
knights knight
Robert Robert
settle settle
available available
Furthermore Furthermore
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
exercised exercised
influence influence
naming naming
new new
Kingsguard Kingsguard
members member
throughout throughout
Roberts Roberts
reign reign
spoke spoke
Ser Ser
Richard Richard
Horpe Horpe
passed passed
Upon Upon
ascension ascension
young young
king king
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
dismissed dismissed
first first
time time
ever ever
history history
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
named named
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Selmys Selmys
stead stead
unanointed unanointed
warrior warrior
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
appointed appointed
empty empty
position position
marking marking
first first
moment moment
member member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
dubbed dubbed
knight knight
Upon Upon
landing landing
Westeros Westeros
Golden Golden
Company Company
Aegon Aegon
named named
friend friend
Ser Ser
Rolly Rolly
Duckfield Duckfield
first first
new new
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
approve approve
choice choice
asked asked
Aegon Aegon
leave leave
six six
slots slot
open open
knights knight
renown renown
sons son
great great
lords lord
would would
add add
luster luster
cause cause
Old Old
Nan Nan
said said
finest finest
swords sword
realm realm
seven seven
wore wore
white white
armor armor
wives wife
children child
lived lived
serve serve
king king
Bran Bran
knew knew
stories story
names name
like like
music music
himNo himNo
knight knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
outlive outlive
king king
king king
dies dy
violenceEddard violenceEddard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Varys Varys
paper paper
shield shield
Try Try
look look
shocked shocked
Lord Lord
Stark Stark
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Sworn Sworn
Brother Brother
White White
Swords Swords
know know
oath oath
worth worth
days day
men men
like like
Ryam Ryam
Redwyne Redwyne
Prince Prince
Aemon Aemon
Dragonknight Dragonknight
wore wore
white white
cloak cloak
gone gone
dust dust
song song
seven seven
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
made made
true true
steel steel
Selmy Selmy
old old
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Ser Ser
Meryn Meryn
queens queen
creatures creature
bone bone
deep deep
suspicions suspicion
others others
lord lord
swords sword
come come
earnest earnest
true true
friend friend
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
haveEddard haveEddard
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
fled fled
Dragonstone Dragonstone
queen queen
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
thought thought
might might
sailed sailed
himOswell himOswell
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
good good
man man
trueGerold trueGerold
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
fleeSomething fleeSomething
father father
told told
little little
came came
back back
suddenly suddenly
asked asked
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
truly truly
finest finest
knights knight
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
longer longer
answered answered
marvel marvel
shining shining
lesson lesson
worldIt worldIt
rare rare
precious precious
gift gift
knight knight
even even
knight knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
gift gift
given given
gift gift
scorned scorned
sulliedJaime sulliedJaime
man man
puts put
cloak cloak
changes change
himCersei himCersei
certainly certainly
changed changed
betterHe betterHe
wondered wondered
Ser Ser
Arthur Arthur
Dayne Dayne
would would
say say
lot lot
Kingsguard Kingsguard
fallen fallen
low low
like like
would would
answer answer
opened opened
door door
nothing nothing
vermin vermin
began began
crawl crawl
insideArianne insideArianne
think think
Kingsguard Kingsguard
ever ever
loved loved
womanArys womanArys
always always
men men
found found
easier easier
speak speak
vows vow
keep keep
themDaenerys themDaenerys
brother brother
told told
Westerosi Westerosi
riddle riddle
listens listens
everything everything
yet yet
hears hears
nothingBarristan nothingBarristan
knight knight
KingsguardSome KingsguardSome
heroes hero
weaklings weakling
knaves knave
cravens craven
menquicker menquicker
stronger stronger
skilled skilled
sword sword
shield shield
still still
prey prey
pride pride
ambition ambition
lust lust
love love
anger anger
jealousy jealousy
greed greed
gold gold
hunger hunger
power power
failings failing
afflicted afflicted
lesser lesser
mortals mortal
best best
overcame overcame
flaws flaw
duty duty
died died
swords sword
hands hand
worst worst
worst worst
played played
game game
thrones throne
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
knight knight
House House
Darry Darry
served served
Red Red
Keeps Keeps
masteratarms masteratarms
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
remained remained
deeply deeply
loyal loyal
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
According According
semicanon semicanon
sources source
brother brother
Ser Ser
Jonothor Jonothor
Darry Darry
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Willem Willem
staunchly staunchly
loyal loyal
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
end end
life life
grey grey
bear bear
man man
halfblind halfblind
walked walked
aid aid
stick stick
gruff gruff
kind kind
voice voice
big big
wrinkled wrinkled
hands hand
soft soft
old old
leather leather
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
remembers remembers
gentle gentle
sweet sweet
old old
bear bear
roared roared
orders order
servants servant
sickbed sickbed
always always
kind kind
new new
masteratarms masteratarms
Red Red
Keep Keep
needed needed
appointing appointing
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Hand Hand
King King
wished wished
name name
brother brother
Ser Ser
Tygett Tygett
post post
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
chose chose
Willem Willem
instead instead
young young
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
decided decided
must must
knight knight
went went
Willem Willem
trained trained
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
learned learned
death death
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Battle Battle
Trident Trident
king king
sent sent
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
Targaryen Targaryen
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
Dragonstone Dragonstone
along along
Willem Willem
Aeryss Aeryss
death death
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Rhaellas Rhaellas
death death
childbirth childbirth
garrison garrison
Dragonstone Dragonstone
considered considered
selling selling
two two
Targaryen Targaryen
children child
Viserys Viserys
infant infant
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
new new
king king
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
However However
garrison garrison
could could
come come
decision decision
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
arrived arrived
assault assault
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Willem Willem
four four
loyal loyal
men men
broke broke
nursery nursery
Dragonstone Dragonstone
escaped escaped
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
cover cover
darkness darkness
sailing sailing
safety safety
Braavosian Braavosian
coast coast
Willem Willem
Targaryen Targaryen
children child
settled settled
Braavos Braavos
living living
house house
red red
door door
Braavos Braavos
Willem Willem
visited visited
Prince Prince
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
together together
Sealord Sealord
Braavos Braavos
witness witness
signed signed
pact pact
promising promising
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
would would
one one
day day
wed wed
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
return return
support support
Dorne Dorne
winning winning
Viserys Viserys
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
However However
Willem Willem
became became
ill ill
wasting wasting
sickness sickness
Daenerys Daenerys
five five
years year
old old
either either
AC AC
AC AC
slowly slowly
wasted wasted
away away
dying dying
unknown unknown
amount amount
time time
later later
servants servant
house house
stole stole
money money
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
thrown thrown
streets street
fend fend
vision vision
House House
Undying Undying
Qarth Qarth
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
sees see
room room
within within
house house
red red
door door
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
beckons beckons
remembers remembers
dead dead
rejects reject
false false
Meereen Meereen
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
visited visited
Prince Prince
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
presents present
parchment parchment
parchment parchment
details detail
secret secret
pact pact
contracting contracting
marriage marriage
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
signed signed
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
Targaryens Targaryens
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
Dorne Dorne
Little Little
princess princess
Come Come
come come
lady lady
youre youre
home home
youre youre
safe safe
nowEddard nowEddard
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
fled fled
Dragonstone Dragonstone
queen queen
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
thought thought
might might
sailed sailed
himOswell himOswell
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
good good
man man
trueNo trueNo
one one
ever ever
kept kept
safe safe
little little
Well Well
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
died died
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Untold Untold
History History
Westeros Westeros
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
companion companion
volume volume
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
provisionally provisionally
known known
world world
book book
book book
written written
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
collaboration collaboration
Elio Elio
Garcia Garcia
Linda Linda
Antonsson Antonsson
United United
States States
book book
published published
Bantam Bantam
United United
Kingdom Kingdom
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
released released
October October
th th
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
announced announced
website website
signed signed
contract contract
Bantam Bantam
Books Books
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
September September
write write
book book
Martin Martin
enlisted enlisted
aid aid
Elio Elio
García García
Linda Linda
Antonsson Antonsson
founders founder
Westerosorg Westerosorg
largest largest
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
community community
online online
concordance concordance
information information
series series
internet internet
time time
Martin Martin
envisioned envisioned
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
done done
couple couple
years year
However However
project project
took took
much much
longer longer
complete complete
grew grew
larger larger
initially initially
intended intended
September September
Martin Martin
mentioned mentioned
blog blog
writing writing
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
revealed revealed
hundred hundred
three three
manuscript manuscript
pages page
finished finished
release release
eventually eventually
set set
late late
February February
year year
book book
became became
available available
preorder preorder
Amazoncom Amazoncom
However However
May May
García García
confirmed confirmed
book book
pushed pushed
back back
full full
year year
March March
books book
final final
title title
decided decided
upon upon
final final
piece piece
text text
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
completed completed
book book
released released
October October
th th
Martin Martin
wrote wrote
lot lot
text text
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
first first
intended intended
delivering delivering
words word
sidebars sidebar
book book
volume volume
words word
text text
Using Using
abridged abridged
versions version
texts text
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
longer longer
unabridged unabridged
version version
set set
released released
history history
book book
called called
Fire Fire
Blood Blood
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
divided divided
several several
parts part
book book
contains contains
artwork artwork
twentyseven twentyseven
different different
artists artist
art art
book book
family family
trees tree
displayed displayed
appendix appendix
completely completely
outofuniverse outofuniverse
sample sample
chapters chapter
released released
months month
prior prior
release release
book book
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
released released
Fact Fact
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
days day
leading leading
release release
book book
Twitter Twitter
account account
English English
language language
versions version
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
available available
two two
versions version
red red
cover cover
displayed displayed
top top
page page
black black
cover cover
former former
version version
book book
published published
Bantam Bantam
latter latter
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
typos typo
mistakes mistake
first first
editions edition
book book
Among Among
Alysanne Alysanne
Blackwood Blackwood
aunt aunt
Benjicot Benjicot
Blackwood Blackwood
sister sister
well well
mistakes mistake
genealogy genealogy
trees tree
Garcia Garcia
stated stated
corrected corrected
future future
editions edition
conceit conceit
book book
inuniverse inuniverse
history history
text text
written written
Maester Maester
Yandel Yandel
originally originally
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
However However
Yandel Yandel
lived lived
deaths death
Robert Robert
Joffrey Joffrey
edition edition
published published
version version
produced produced
Yandel Yandel
time time
fifth fifth
novel novel
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
result result
Garcia Garcia
explained explained
fear fear
angering angering
Lannisters Lannisters
Yandel Yandel
cut cut
original original
draft draft
bare bare
minimum minimum
material material
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
several several
figures figure
ISBN ISBN
Graphic Graphic
Novel Novel
ISBN ISBN
Graphic Graphic
Novel Novel
Second Second
Edition Edition
ISBN ISBN
Legends Legends
Paperback Paperback
Edition Edition
ISBN ISBN
Dreamsongs Dreamsongs
Vol Vol
II II
Paperback Paperback
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
short short
story story
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
first first
appeared appeared
Legends Legends
anthology anthology
collection collection
stories story
various various
fantasy fantasy
authors author
Stephen Stephen
King King
Robert Robert
Jordan Jordan
Terry Terry
Pratchett Pratchett
edited edited
Robert Robert
Silverberg Silverberg
story story
later later
adapted adapted
graphic graphic
novel novel
Mike Mike
Miller Miller
first first
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
stories story
story story
takes take
place place
AC AC
years year
events event
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
tells tell
tale tale
Dunk Dunk
took took
mantle mantle
hedge hedge
knight knight
met met
squire squire
young young
boy boy
named named
Egg Egg
way way
compete compete
tournament tournament
Ashford Ashford
Meadow Meadow
hedge hedge
knight knight
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
Pennytree Pennytree
died died
night night
squire squire
large large
young young
man man
named named
Dunk Dunk
buries buries
pays pay
last last
respects respect
considering considering
several several
options option
Dunk Dunk
decides decides
continue continue
journey journey
Ashford Ashford
compete compete
tourney tourney
knight knight
adopts adopts
Ser Ser
Arlans Arlans
armor armor
well well
equipment equipment
three three
horses horse
remaining remaining
monies monies
inn inn
road road
meets meet
boy boy
shaved shaved
head head
named named
Egg Egg
secretly secretly
follows follows
Ashford Ashford
Impressed Impressed
boys boy
spirit spirit
Dunk Dunk
takes take
squire squire
upcoming upcoming
tourney tourney
Ashford Ashford
Dunk Dunk
sells sell
one one
horses horse
commission commission
armor armor
attempts attempt
enter enter
lists list
tourney tourney
Without Without
proof proof
knighthood knighthood
nearly nearly
barred barred
competition competition
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
Targaryen Targaryen
vouches vouches
Dunk Dunk
watches watch
first first
day day
competition competition
amongst amongst
commoners commoner
Egg Egg
shoulders shoulder
several several
spectacular spectacular
tilts tilt
day day
ends end
Prince Prince
Aerion Aerion
Targaryen Targaryen
disgraces disgrace
killing killing
Ser Ser
Humfrey Humfrey
Hardyngs Hardyngs
horse horse
night night
Egg Egg
informs informs
Dunk Dunk
puppeteer puppeteer
girl girl
met met
earlier earlier
beaten beaten
Prince Prince
Aerion Aerion
Dunk Dunk
leaps leap
defense defense
attacks attack
Aerion Aerion
striking striking
face face
royal royal
guard guard
arrests arrest
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
reveals reveals
Aerions Aerions
brother brother
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
jail jail
Dunk Dunk
chooses chooses
take take
trial trial
combat combat
rather rather
lose lose
hand hand
Prince Prince
Aerion Aerion
demands demand
combat combat
Trial Trial
Seven Seven
brother brother
Prince Prince
Daeron Daeron
also also
accused accused
Dunk Dunk
kidnapping kidnapping
Aegon Aegon
charge charge
Dunk Dunk
must must
find find
six six
champions champion
fight fight
seven seven
accusing accusing
knights knight
forfeit forfeit
Steffon Steffon
Fossoway Fossoway
first first
ally ally
Dunk Dunk
finds find
promises promise
bring bring
Dunk Dunk
champions champion
Steffons Steffons
squire squire
cousin cousin
Raymun Raymun
Fossoway Fossoway
Egg Egg
also also
promises promise
bring bring
champions champion
Dunks Dunks
cause cause
Raymun Raymun
returns return
Ser Ser
Humfrey Humfrey
Hardyng Hardyng
Ser Ser
Humfrey Humfrey
Beesbury Beesbury
goodbrothers goodbrothers
seeking seeking
revenge revenge
grievance grievance
Aerion Aerion
committed committed
Hardyng Hardyng
Aegon Aegon
brings brings
Ser Ser
Robyn Robyn
Rhysling Rhysling
Ser Ser
Lyonel Lyonel
Baratheon Baratheon
Laughing Laughing
Storm Storm
eager eager
glory glory
competing competing
first first
Trial Trial
Seven Seven
century century
Steffon Steffon
returns return
say say
decided decided
fight fight
accusors accusors
reward reward
lordship lordship
Angered Angered
cousins cousin
treachery treachery
Raymun Raymun
begs begs
knighted knighted
fight fight
Steffons Steffons
place place
Dunk Dunk
hesitates hesitates
give give
answer answer
Dunk Dunk
called called
away away
Lord Lord
Ashford Ashford
Lyonel Lyonel
grants grant
Raymun Raymun
knighthood knighthood
Still Still
needing needing
seventh seventh
champion champion
Dunk Dunk
appeals appeal
unsuccessfully unsuccessfully
crowd crowd
Finally Finally
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
announces announces
champion champion
Dunk Dunk
though though
accusers accuser
include include
three three
family family
members member
three three
fathers father
Kingsguard Kingsguard
fourteen fourteen
champions champion
line line
mounts mount
along along
opposite opposite
sides side
tourney tourney
grounds ground
charge charge
Dunk Dunk
tilts tilt
Aerion Aerion
quickly quickly
unhorsed unhorsed
Though Though
nearly nearly
defeated defeated
Dunk Dunk
manages manages
grapple grapple
Aerion Aerion
use use
size size
advantage advantage
pummel pummel
Aerion Aerion
submission submission
Aerion Aerion
recants recants
accusation accusation
ending ending
Trial Trial
fighting fighting
costs cost
lives life
Humphreys Humphreys
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
brought brought
armor armor
instead instead
wore wore
armor armor
made made
son son
took took
blow blow
head head
mace mace
battle battle
Baelor Baelor
approaches approach
Dunk Dunk
congratulate congratulate
begins begin
act act
drunkenly drunkenly
crushed crushed
helm helm
removed removed
shown shown
weaker weaker
armor armor
made made
son son
protect protect
blow blow
crushed crushed
skull skull
Aerions Aerions
father father
Maekar Maekar
meets meet
Dunk Dunk
funeral funeral
revealing revealing
mace mace
killed killed
Baelor Baelor
regrets regret
Aerions Aerions
behavior behavior
offers offer
Dunk Dunk
position position
household household
train train
Aegon Aegon
Dunk Dunk
insists insists
allowed allowed
travel travel
offers offer
take take
Aegon Aegon
squire squire
learn learn
better better
knight knight
Aerion Aerion
Maekar Maekar
agrees agrees
making making
sure sure
Aegon Aegon
continues continues
use use
alias alias
Egg Egg
avoid avoid
scandal scandal
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
set set
Dorne Dorne
search search
puppeteer puppeteer
Dunk Dunk
saved saved
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
originally originally
published published
Legends Legends
anthology anthology
original original
Legends Legends
occasion occasion
divided divided
two two
three three
four four
volumes volume
led led
confusion confusion
actual actual
followup followup
Legends Legends
II II
second second
book book
completely completely
different different
anthology anthology
albeit albeit
editor editor
six six
writers writer
common common
original original
including including
second second
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
tale tale
Sworn Sworn
Sword Sword
helpful helpful
focus focus
five five
writers writer
change change
Legends Legends
Legends Legends
II II
Stephen Stephen
King King
Terry Terry
Pratchett Pratchett
Terry Terry
Goodkind Goodkind
Robert Robert
Jordan Jordan
Ursula Ursula
K K
LeGuin LeGuin
contribute contribute
Legends Legends
Legends Legends
II II
Robin Robin
Hobb Hobb
Neil Neil
Gaiman Gaiman
Terry Terry
Brooks Brooks
Diana Diana
Gabaldon Gabaldon
Elizabeth Elizabeth
Haydon Haydon
stories story
Legends Legends
II II
none none
Legends Legends
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
later later
also also
included included
collection collection
Martin Martin
stories story
Dreamsongs Dreamsongs
Volume Volume
II II
adapted adapted
comic comic
book book
miniseries miniseries
later later
collected collected
graphic graphic
novel novel
compilation compilation
four four
initial initial
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
stories story
including including
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
expected expected
published published
Bantam Bantam
Ultimately Ultimately
collection collection
three three
already already
published published
stories story
released released
Knight Knight
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Legends Legends
ISBN ISBN
Legends Legends
ISBN ISBN
Legends Legends
ISBN ISBN
Legends Legends
ISBN ISBN
Legends Legends
ISBN ISBN
Dreamsongs Dreamsongs
Vol Vol
II II
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
Graphic Graphic
Novel Novel
Republished Republished
ISBN ISBN
ISBN ISBN
Paperback Paperback
ISBN ISBN
Second Second
Edition Edition
ISBN ISBN
Jet Jet
City City
Comics Comics
ISBN ISBN
Paperback Paperback
June June
HarperVoyager HarperVoyager
pages page
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
Tales Tales
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
Tales Tales
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
forthcoming forthcoming
sixth sixth
novel novel
awardwinning awardwinning
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
series series
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
take take
place place
concurrent concurrent
fourth fourth
fifth fifth
books book
series series
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
previous previous
installment installment
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
covers cover
less le
story story
Martin Martin
intended intended
omitting omitting
least least
one one
planned planned
large large
battle battle
sequence sequence
leaving leaving
several several
character character
threads thread
ending ending
cliffhangers cliffhanger
Martin Martin
intends intends
resolve resolve
cliffhangers cliffhanger
early early
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
saying saying
Im Im
going going
open open
two two
big big
battles battle
building building
battle battle
ice ice
battle battle
Meereen Meereen
battle battle
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
take take
Martin Martin
confirmed confirmed
March March
final final
two two
novels novel
take take
readers reader
north north
previous previous
books book
lies lie
really really
north north
books book
havent havent
explored explored
yet yet
last last
two two
books book
added added
youre youre
definitely definitely
going going
see see
Others Others
Martin Martin
would would
comment comment
Jon Jon
Snows Snows
cliffhanger cliffhanger
fate fate
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
website website
Martin Martin
published published
Arianne Arianne
chapter chapter
wherein wherein
heads head
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
see see
young young
boy boy
calling calling
Aegon Aegon
Victarions Victarions
chapter chapter
take take
five five
minutes minute
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
taking taking
place place
eve eve
Iron Iron
Islanders Islanders
surprise surprise
attack attack
cities city
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
Mago Mago
killed killed
first first
season season
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
television television
series series
recurring recurring
character character
sixth sixth
book book
sample sample
chapter chapter
Martins Martins
website website
written written
Theon Theon
Greyjoys Greyjoys
viewpoint viewpoint
shows show
interactions interaction
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
camped camped
snow snow
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
March March
Martin Martin
published published
chapter chapter
Mercy Mercy
website website
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
continues continues
training training
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
confirmed confirmed
following following
characters character
POV POV
chapters chapter
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
confirmed confirmed
POV POV
character character
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
appear appear
novel novel
Martin Martin
previously previously
also also
teased teased
Prologue Prologue
chapter chapter
revealing revealing
identity identity
character character
would would
make make
appearance appearance
specifically specifically
naming naming
POV POV
Martin Martin
referenced referenced
Melisandre Melisandre
Guadalajara Guadalajara
International International
Book Book
Fair Fair
asked asked
whether whether
city city
Asshai Asshai
would would
appear appear
sixth sixth
novel novel
Martin Martin
replied replied
although although
scenes scene
planned planned
take take
place place
eastern eastern
city city
information information
might might
revealed revealed
future future
books book
Melisandre Melisandre
eastern eastern
city city
might might
think think
back back
time time
Asshai Asshai
” ”
following following
chapters chapter
released released
previews preview
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
order order
release release
asked asked
March March
whether whether
preview preview
chapters chapter
might might
appear appear
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Martin Martin
replied replied
yes yes
However However
February February
Martin Martin
stated stated
likely likely
read read
new new
sample sample
chapters chapter
conventions convention
comes come
point point
simply simply
putting putting
much much
book book
sixth sixth
book book
going going
called called
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
taking taking
title title
originally originally
going going
last last
book book
trilogy trilogy
later later
planned planned
fifth fifth
six six
books book
June June
Martin Martin
finished finished
four four
chapters chapter
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
viewpoints viewpoint
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
July July
added added
Aeron Aeron
Greyjoy Greyjoy
chapter chapter
moved moved
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
accumulating accumulating
around around
completed completed
pages page
publication publication
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Martin Martin
announced announced
return return
writing writing
January January
spending spending
meantime meantime
book book
tours tour
conventions convention
continuing continuing
work work
longoverdue longoverdue
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
companion companion
guide guide
wanted wanted
finished finished
end end
also also
worked worked
new new
Tales Tales
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
novella novella
expected expected
appear appear
anthology anthology
called called
Dangerous Dangerous
Women Women
announced announced
early early
Dangerous Dangerous
Women Women
would would
instead instead
feature feature
novella novella
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
named named
Princess Princess
Queen Queen
fourth fourth
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
novella novella
postponed postponed
December December
Martin Martin
posted posted
chapter chapter
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
viewpoint viewpoint
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
added added
another another
sample sample
chapter chapter
would would
included included
end end
US US
paperback paperback
version version
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
originally originally
expected expected
released released
summer summer
international international
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
paperpack paperpack
releases release
March March
sample sample
chapter chapter
Martin Martin
also also
read read
portion portion
Victarion Victarion
Greyjoy Greyjoy
chapter chapter
Torontos Torontos
TIFF TIFF
Bell Bell
Lightbox Lightbox
March March
Martin Martin
decided decided
make make
cameo cameo
appearance appearance
fourth fourth
season season
HBOs HBOs
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
order order
free free
time time
sixth sixth
novel novel
similar similar
reason reason
Martin Martin
declined declined
write write
episode episode
fifth fifth
season season
Martin Martin
cancelled cancelled
appearances appearance
World World
Fantasy Fantasy
Convention Convention
Saratoga Saratoga
San San
Diego Diego
Comicon Comicon
order order
focus focus
writing writing
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
well well
work work
finished finished
pages page
March March
Martin Martin
expressed expressed
hope hope
finish finish
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
much much
faster faster
fifth fifth
book book
previously previously
gotten gotten
trouble trouble
fans fan
repeatedly repeatedly
estimating estimating
publication publication
dates date
optimistically optimistically
thus thus
decided decided
refrain refrain
making making
absolute absolute
estimates estimate
book book
six six
considered considered
three three
years year
realistic realistic
estimation estimation
finishing finishing
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
could could
write write
good good
pace pace
also also
stated stated
ultimately ultimately
book book
done done
done done
Martin Martin
intend intend
separate separate
characters character
geographically geographically
acknowledged acknowledged
Three Three
years year
Im Im
sitting sitting
pages page
manuscript manuscript
end end
sight sight
hell hell
knows know
interview interview
early early
April April
Martin Martin
declared declared
intent intent
complete complete
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
sixth sixth
season season
TV TV
series series
began began
However However
January January
Martin Martin
posted posted
Blog Blog
hoped hoped
able able
publish publish
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
HBOs HBOs
sixth sixth
season season
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
would would
air air
able able
meet meet
deadlines deadline
required required
reach reach
goal goal
Though Though
Martin Martin
states state
Yes Yes
theres there
lot lot
written written
Hundreds Hundreds
pages page
Dozens Dozens
chapters chapter
states state
still still
many many
pages page
left left
write write
book book
still still
months month
away away
Discussing Discussing
HBOs HBOs
sixth sixth
season season
Martin Martin
stated stated
certain certain
plot plot
twists twist
reveals reveals
season season
six six
GAME GAME
THRONES THRONES
yet yet
happened happened
books book
also also
expressed expressed
case case
yes yes
wondering wondering
whether whether
TV TV
series series
reveal reveal
plot plot
points point
books book
case case
GAME GAME
THRONES THRONES
SONG SONG
ICE ICE
FIRE FIRE
perhaps perhaps
unique unique
cant cant
think think
instance instance
movie movie
TV TV
show show
came came
source source
material material
still still
written written
ask ask
show show
spoil spoil
books book
say say
yes yes
mumble mumble
butterfly butterfly
effect effect
pretty pretty
little little
butterflies butterfly
grown grown
mighty mighty
dragons dragon
spoilers spoiler
may may
encounter encounter
season season
six six
may may
spoilers spoiler
show show
books book
diverged diverged
continue continue
soIn soIn
May May
Martin Martin
confirmed confirmed
several several
successor successor
shows show
set set
world world
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
developed developed
HBO HBO
later later
stated stated
likely likely
writing writing
episodes episode
television television
shows show
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
done done
delivered delivered
including including
successor successor
shows show
Shortly Shortly
start start
seventh seventh
season season
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
July July
Martin Martin
asked asked
differences difference
similarities similarity
storylines storyline
TV TV
show show
books book
Martin Martin
stated stated
WINDS WINDS
different different
ways way
parallel parallel
show show
others others
point point
probably probably
dozen dozen
characters character
dead dead
show show
alive alive
books book
would would
impossible impossible
two two
remain remain
Also Also
course course
characters character
books book
never never
even even
existed existed
show show
like like
Victarion Victarion
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Penny Penny
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
July July
Martin Martin
reported reported
still still
months month
away away
finishing finishing
book book
Writing Writing
first first
volume volume
Fire Fire
Blood Blood
largely largely
written written
might might
published published
late late
early early
Martin Martin
expressed expressed
uncertainty uncertainty
whether whether
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
might might
published published
first first
stating stating
think think
Westeros Westeros
book book
knows know
maybe maybe
two two
boy boy
dream dream
April April
however however
Martin Martin
posted posted
announcement announcement
Blog Blog
release release
date date
Fire Fire
Blood Blood
stating stating
simultaneously simultaneously
winter winter
coming coming
asked asked
update update
book book
April April
Martin Martin
commented commented
still still
release release
date date
going going
well well
lately lately
May May
jokingly jokingly
posted posted
Blog Blog
dont dont
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
hand hand
arrive arrive
New New
Zealand Zealand
worldcon worldcon
formal formal
written written
permission permission
imprison imprison
small small
cabin cabin
White White
Island Island
overlooking overlooking
lake lake
sulfuric sulfuric
acid acid
Im Im
done done
June June
Martin Martin
reported reported
writing writing
chapters chapter
point point
view view
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
mentioned mentioned
intent intent
work work
chapter chapter
set set
Braavos Braavos
next next
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Tyrion Tyrion
encampment encampment
Second Second
Sons Sons
awaiting awaiting
battle battle
orders order
men men
battle battle
already already
begun begun
dragons dragon
Rhaegal Rhaegal
Viserion Viserion
flying flying
overhead overhead
Ironborn Ironborn
arrived arrived
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
Tyrion Tyrion
hear hear
clash clash
warships warship
fire fire
ship ship
blocked blocked
mouth mouth
Skahazadhan Skahazadhan
Tyrion Tyrion
reflects reflects
first first
battle battle
Green Green
Fork Fork
remembers remembers
battle battle
clearly clearly
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Second Second
Sons Sons
preparing preparing
battle battle
Tyrion Tyrion
reminded reminded
Bronn Bronn
observes observes
Snatch Snatch
scratching scratching
making making
jokes joke
Despite Despite
previous previous
assertions assertion
care care
whether whether
lived lived
died died
Tyrion Tyrion
come come
realise realise
care care
Back Back
tent tent
Penny Penny
arming arming
battle battle
Penny Penny
helps help
armour armour
reveals reveals
foolish foolish
strategy strategy
current current
Yunkish Yunkish
Supreme Supreme
Commander Commander
reminiscing reminiscing
Battle Battle
Green Green
Fork Fork
Penny Penny
kisses kiss
angers anger
Tyrion Tyrion
much much
prepared prepared
kill kill
weapon weapon
murderous murderous
rage rage
disrupted disrupted
sounds sound
Rhaegal Rhaegal
circling circling
bay bay
ships ship
clashing clashing
Viserion Viserion
attention attention
Sellswords Sellswords
roasts roast
consumes consumes
corpses corps
thrown thrown
Wicked Wicked
Sister Sister
messenger messenger
arrives arrives
Supreme Supreme
Commander Commander
Yunkaii Yunkaii
Gorzhak Gorzhak
zo zo
Eraz Eraz
demands demand
Brown Brown
Ben Ben
Plumm Plumm
bring bring
company company
Bay Bay
shore shore
defend defend
Slaver Slaver
ships ship
Inkpots Inkpots
points point
Brown Brown
Ben Ben
Malazza Malazza
Girl Girl
General General
one one
command command
Second Second
Sons Sons
messenger messenger
departs departs
Tyrion Tyrion
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
attempt attempt
persuade persuade
sellswords sellswords
turn turn
cloaks cloak
Brown Brown
Ben Ben
returns return
calls call
meeting meeting
captains captain
Tyrion Tyrion
Jorah Jorah
attend attend
Malazza Malazza
commanded commanded
Second Second
Sons Sons
defend defend
Wicked Wicked
Sister Sister
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
making making
Harridan Harridan
Marselens Marselens
freedmen freedman
defeated defeated
Long Long
Lances Lances
destroying destroying
Ghost Ghost
process process
Another Another
messenger messenger
Morghar Morghar
zo zo
Zherzyn Zherzyn
arrives arrives
inform inform
Second Second
Sons Sons
Bloodbeard Bloodbeard
two two
Ghiscari Ghiscari
legions legion
defending defending
Harpys Harpys
Daughter Daughter
advancing advancing
Unsullied Unsullied
Second Second
Sons Sons
sweep sweep
behind behind
take take
Unsullied Unsullied
rear rear
Zheryn Zheryn
new new
Supreme Supreme
Commander Commander
Gorzhak Gorzhak
slain slain
Prince Prince
Tatters Tatters
Windblown Windblown
turned turned
cloaks cloak
messenger messenger
recognises recognises
Tyrion Tyrion
escaped escaped
slave slave
Yezzan Yezzan
zo zo
Qaggaz Qaggaz
orders order
Second Second
Sons Sons
surrender surrender
Jorah Jorah
responds responds
killing killing
messenger messenger
falls fall
cyvasse cyvasse
table table
knocking knocking
white white
dragon dragon
floor floor
Tyrion Tyrion
picks pick
Brown Brown
Ben Ben
Plumm Plumm
declares declares
always always
Queens Queens
men men
joining joining
Yunkaii Yunkaii
ploy ploy
Appearing Appearing
Mentioned Mentioned
Places Places
Terms Terms
Unsullied Unsullied
eunuch eunuch
slave slave
soldiers soldier
trained trained
young young
age age
Astapor Astapor
unquestioning unquestioning
obedience obedience
martial martial
prowess prowess
Sold Sold
century century
thousand thousand
used used
guards guard
Free Free
Cities Cities
make make
excellent excellent
guards guard
loot loot
never never
rape rape
Unsullied Unsullied
begin begin
young young
male male
slaves slave
chosen chosen
size size
speed speed
strength strength
Every Every
day day
choose choose
new new
names name
random random
drawing drawing
tokens token
bucket bucket
consisting consisting
color color
type type
vermin vermin
Grey Grey
Worm Worm
training training
starts start
age age
five five
dawn dawn
dusk dusk
brutal brutal
designed designed
teach teach
fight fight
strip strip
away away
individuality individuality
empathy empathy
selfworth selfworth
Slaves Slaves
fail fail
aspect aspect
training training
killed killed
third third
slaves slave
enter enter
training training
survive survive
become become
Unsullied Unsullied
eunuchs eunuch
fully fully
castrated castrated
penis penis
testicles testicle
cut cut
manhoods manhood
burned burned
altar altar
Lady Lady
Spears Spears
means mean
can can
not not
strong strong
whole whole
men men
made made
discipline discipline
day day
boy boy
cut cut
given given
puppy puppy
take take
care care
end end
first first
year year
boy boy
made made
strangle strangle
puppy puppy
fail fail
killed killed
fed fed
surviving surviving
dogs dog
training training
boys boy
culled culled
whenever whenever
fail fail
task task
running running
day day
full full
pack pack
scaling scaling
mountain mountain
night night
walking walking
across across
bed bed
coals coal
win win
spiked spiked
cap cap
must must
take take
silver silver
mark mark
go go
slave slave
markets market
buy buy
newborn newborn
slave slave
child child
kill kill
mother mother
pay pay
slaves slave
owner owner
loss loss
Good Good
Masters Masters
slavers slaver
Astapor Astapor
used used
sell sell
Unsullied Unsullied
groups group
ten ten
household household
guards guard
proved proved
unsound unsound
since since
mingle mingle
others others
forget forget
sold sold
groups group
century century
thousand thousand
vice vice
left left
Unsullied Unsullied
food food
Unsullied Unsullied
serving serving
household household
guards guard
often often
grow grow
fat fat
Unsullied Unsullied
inspired inspired
lockstep lockstep
legions legion
Old Old
Empire Empire
Ghis Ghis
free free
men men
Unsullied Unsullied
fight fight
formation formation
light light
infantry infantry
equipped equipped
short short
spears spear
swords sword
round round
shields shield
distinctive distinctive
spiked spiked
caps cap
fight fight
fearlessly fearlessly
obey obey
without without
question question
elite elite
highly highly
specialized specialized
training training
makes make
effective effective
phalanx phalanx
formation formation
ride ride
horses horse
Unsullied Unsullied
uniform uniform
plain plain
without without
ornament ornament
quilted quilted
tunic tunic
short short
sword sword
three three
spears spear
spiked spiked
bronze bronze
caps cap
One One
spike spike
indicates indicates
low low
rank rank
three three
spikes spike
going going
front front
back back
represent represent
officer officer
Unsullied Unsullied
worship worship
goddess goddess
whose whose
true true
name name
kept kept
secret secret
among among
slave slave
soldiers soldier
refer refer
others others
Lady Lady
Spears Spears
Bride Bride
Battle Battle
Mother Mother
Hosts Hosts
slaves slave
regularly regularly
consume consume
elixir elixir
called called
wine wine
courage courage
deaden deaden
sensitivity sensitivity
pain pain
drink drink
every every
meal meal
every every
year year
feel feel
less le
less le
pain pain
famous famous
Unsullied Unsullied
Three Three
Thousand Thousand
Qohor Qohor
held held
back back
Dothraki Dothraki
khalasar khalasar
fifty fifty
thousand thousand
strong strong
six six
hundred hundred
Unsullied Unsullied
survived survived
killed killed
twelve twelve
thousand thousand
Dothraki Dothraki
honor honor
Unsullied Unsullied
surviving surviving
Dothraki Dothraki
rode rode
Unsullied Unsullied
line line
throwing throwing
cut cut
braids braid
front front
Lysaro Lysaro
Rogare Rogare
bought bought
thousand thousand
Unsullied Unsullied
Astapor Astapor
AC AC
death death
father father
Lysandro Lysandro
Rogare Rogare
Lysaro Lysaro
fled fled
Lys Lys
surrounded surrounded
one one
hundred hundred
slave slave
soldiers soldier
Lysaro Lysaro
later later
caught caught
Volon Volon
Therys Therys
twenty twenty
Unsullied Unsullied
forced forced
sell sell
rest rest
along along
way way
twenty twenty
Unsullied Unsullied
fought fought
end end
docks dock
town town
perished perished
Lysaro Lysaro
captured captured
sent sent
back back
Lys Lys
chains chain
voyage voyage
Pentos Pentos
join join
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
convinces convinces
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
change change
destination destination
Astapor Astapor
buy buy
Unsullied Unsullied
tells tell
Three Three
Thousand Thousand
Qohor Qohor
buy buy
Unsullied Unsullied
could could
use use
trade trade
goods good
carried carried
onboard onboard
Dany Dany
shown shown
Unsullied Unsullied
Kraznys Kraznys
mo mo
Nakloz Nakloz
one one
Good Good
Masters Masters
Astapori Astapori
Plaza Plaza
Pride Pride
ten ten
ranks rank
hundred hundred
Unsullied Unsullied
stand stand
half half
Dothraki Dothraki
stock stock
others others
appear appear
Lys Lys
Qarth Qarth
even even
ethnicity ethnicity
slavers slaver
others others
peoples people
recognize recognize
Arstan Arstan
Whitebeard Whitebeard
tells tell
Kraznys Kraznys
even even
brave brave
men men
show show
fear fear
faced faced
death death
maiming maiming
slaver slaver
whips whip
mutilates mutilates
Unsullied Unsullied
react react
Daenerys Daenerys
horrified horrified
training training
regime regime
Unsullied Unsullied
endure endure
Dany Dany
told told
eight eight
thousand thousand
Unsullied Unsullied
available available
cheap cheap
training training
takes take
years year
Arstan Arstan
tells tell
slavery slavery
held held
abomination abomination
Westeros Westeros
using using
slave slave
soldiers soldier
would would
great great
dishonor dishonor
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
Kraznys Kraznys
says say
corsair corsair
king king
also also
recently recently
interested interested
purchasing purchasing
Unsullied Unsullied
Dany Dany
later later
tells tell
Kraznys Kraznys
translating translating
slave slave
Missandei Missandei
wants want
Unsullied Unsullied
including including
six six
centuries century
eight eight
thousand thousand
still still
training training
Eight Eight
slavers slaver
hesitant hesitant
sell sell
training training
since since
fail fail
battle battle
shame shame
would would
sell sell
next next
buyer buyer
Dany Dany
tells tell
pay pay
training training
provokes provokes
argument argument
among among
slavers slaver
liking liking
gold gold
instead instead
future future
others others
worried worried
reputation reputation
Unsullied Unsullied
fail fail
eldest eldest
slavers slaver
Grazdan Grazdan
agrees agrees
sell sell
Daenerys Daenerys
Unsullied Unsullied
black black
dragon dragon
Drogon Drogon
trade trade
goods good
ships ship
Dany Dany
given given
Missandei Missandei
token token
Missandei Missandei
tells tell
Dany Dany
Unsullieds Unsullieds
unflinching unflinching
discipline discipline
slave slave
girl girl
reveals reveals
three three
brothers brother
Dany Dany
brings brings
whole whole
company company
Plaza Plaza
Pride Pride
transaction transaction
Kraznys Kraznys
advises advises
Unsullied Unsullied
inexperienced inexperienced
exchange exchange
Drogons Drogons
chain chain
whip whip
nine nine
ends end
harpys harpy
fingers finger
Daenerys Daenerys
however however
Drogon Drogon
kill kill
slaver slaver
dragonfire dragonfire
ensuing ensuing
fall fall
Astapor Astapor
Unsullied Unsullied
refuse refuse
slavers slaver
orders order
defend defend
masters master
Dany Dany
commands command
Unsullied Unsullied
slay slay
Good Good
Masters Masters
soldiers soldier
man man
wears wear
tokar tokar
holds hold
whip whip
strike strike
chains chain
every every
slave slave
Dany Dany
later later
arrives arrives
outside outside
Yunkai Yunkai
Unsullied Unsullied
Grey Grey
Worm Worm
attack attack
Yunkaii Yunkaii
right right
left left
horse horse
attack attack
center center
battle battle
near near
Yunkai Yunkai
less le
dozen dozen
losses loss
part part
Stormcrows Stormcrows
defect defect
Dany Dany
Second Second
Sons Sons
drunk drunk
Unsullied Unsullied
commander commander
Grey Grey
Worm Worm
among among
present present
planning planning
siege siege
Meereen Meereen
Daenerys Daenerys
tells tell
throw throw
away away
Unsullied Unsullied
lives life
storming storming
city city
walls wall
plan plan
presented presented
invade invade
Meereen Meereen
sewers sewer
Daenerys Daenerys
thinks think
would would
make make
use use
Unsullieds Unsullieds
discipline discipline
Unsullied Unsullied
among among
invade invade
Meereen Meereen
sewers sewer
free free
pit pit
fighters fighter
uprising uprising
slaves slave
Unsullied Unsullied
crush crush
Meereenese Meereenese
resistance resistance
punish punish
murderers murderer
looters looter
rapers raper
Qartheen Qartheen
master master
Indigo Indigo
Star Star
tells tell
Daenerys Daenerys
Cleon Cleon
new new
king king
Astapor Astapor
training training
new new
Unsullied Unsullied
highborn highborn
boys boy
Astapor Astapor
Volantis Volantis
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
sees see
Unsullied Unsullied
spearmen spearmen
ornate ornate
armor armor
tigerskin tigerskin
cloaks cloak
guarding guarding
triarchs triarchs
Volantis Volantis
Cleon Cleon
marches march
Yunkai Yunkai
new new
Unsullied Unsullied
defeated defeated
battle battle
Horns Horns
Hazzat Hazzat
siege siege
Astapor Astapor
Unsullied Unsullied
butchered butchered
Windblown Windblown
Company Company
Cat Cat
Ghiscari Ghiscari
legion legion
New New
Ghis Ghis
Unsullied Unsullied
Daeneryss Daeneryss
service service
reclaim reclaim
birth birth
names name
others others
choose choose
new new
names name
Several Several
Unsullied Unsullied
Stalwart Stalwart
Shield Shield
murdered murdered
Meereen Meereen
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
queen queen
assigns assigns
Unsullied Unsullied
guard guard
city city
walls wall
person person
directs directs
Skahaz Skahaz
mo mo
Kandaq Kandaq
create create
Meereenese Meereenese
city city
watch watch
consisting consisting
freedmen freedman
shavepates shavepates
Grey Grey
Worm Worm
fifty fifty
Unsullied Unsullied
aid aid
refugees refugee
outside outside
Meereens Meereens
walls wall
help help
burning burning
dead dead
Hero Hero
captain captain
Unsullied Unsullied
among among
hostages hostage
sent sent
Yunkish Yunkish
camp camp
Daenerys Daenerys
makes make
peace peace
Yunkaii Yunkaii
Daenerys Daenerys
disappears disappears
Daznaks Daznaks
Pit Pit
Drogons Drogons
back back
new new
husband husband
King King
Hizdahr Hizdahr
zo zo
Loraq Loraq
attempts attempt
gain gain
control control
Unsullied Unsullied
refuse refuse
obey obey
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
able able
convince convince
follow follow
Yunkai Yunkai
attack attack
Meereen Meereen
eunuch eunuch
cut cut
young young
never never
brute brute
strength strength
one one
Westerosi Westerosi
knights knight
true true
bull bull
strong strong
well well
bulls bull
die die
every every
day day
fighting fighting
pits pit
girl girl
nine nine
killed killed
one one
three three
days day
past past
Jothiels Jothiels
Pit Pit
Unsullied Unsullied
something something
better better
strength strength
tell tell
discipline discipline
fight fight
fashion fashion
Old Old
Empire Empire
yes yes
lockstep lockstep
legions legion
Old Old
Ghis Ghis
come come
absolutely absolutely
obedient obedient
absolutely absolutely
loyal loyal
utterly utterly
without without
fearThis fearThis
beggar beggar
queen queen
must must
understand understand
wonders wonder
come come
cheaply cheaply
Yunkai Yunkai
Meereen Meereen
slave slave
swordsmen swordsman
less le
price price
swords sword
Unsullied Unsullied
finest finest
foot foot
world world
represents represents
many many
years year
training training
Tell Tell
like like
Valyrian Valyrian
steel steel
folded folded
hammered hammered
years year
end end
stronger stronger
resilient resilient
metal metal
earthBen earthBen
see see
bronze bronze
heads head
gates gate
Rows Rows
harpy harpy
heads head
open open
mouths mouth
Meereenese Meereenese
squirt squirt
boiling boiling
oil oil
mouths mouth
cook cook
axemen axemen
stand stand
Daario Daario
Perhaps Perhaps
Unsullied Unsullied
wield wield
axes ax
Boiling Boiling
oil oil
feels feel
like like
warm warm
bath bath
heard heard
Daenerys Daenerys
know know
Unsullied Unsullied
made made
trained trained
Xaro Xaro
Cruelly Cruelly
doubt doubt
smith smith
makes make
sword sword
thrusts thrust
blade blade
fire fire
beats beat
hammer hammer
plunges plunge
iced iced
water water
temper temper
steel steel
would would
savor savor
sweet sweet
taste taste
fruit fruit
must must
water water
treeArchibald treeArchibald
fought fought
Unsullied Unsullied
Astapor Astapor
Beans Beans
said said
real real
Unsullied Unsullied
Hacking Hacking
boys boy
stones stone
butchers butcher
cleaver cleaver
handing handing
pointy pointy
hat hat
dont dont
make make
Unsullied Unsullied
dragon dragon
queens queen
got got
real real
item item
kind kind
dont dont
break break
run run
fart fart
general general
directionUnsullied directionUnsullied
brave brave
soldiers soldier
warriors warrior
knightsMan knightsMan
man man
Unsullied Unsullied
better better
worse worse
spearmen spearmen
discipline discipline
makes make
dangerous dangerous
can can
not not
form form
spear spear
wall wall
According According
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
Unsullied Unsullied
partially partially
inspired inspired
slave slave
legions legion
like like
Mamluks Mamluks
Janissaries Janissaries
Good Good
Masters Masters
rulers ruler
Astapor Astapor
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
contacts contact
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormonts Mormonts
counsel counsel
order order
obtain obtain
army army
Unsullied Unsullied
elephants elephant
political political
party party
Free Free
City City
Volantis Volantis
party party
merchants merchant
moneylenders moneylender
advocating advocating
trade trade
rivaled rivaled
tigers tiger
advocate advocate
sword sword
many many
freeborn freeborn
aristocratic aristocratic
merchants merchant
support support
elephants elephant
actual actual
candidates candidate
Old Old
Blood Blood
aristocratic aristocratic
families family
trace trace
descent descent
back back
Valyria Valyria
Doom Doom
Valyria Valyria
Century Century
Blood Blood
Volantenes Volantenes
considered considered
heirs heir
Valyrian Valyrian
Freehold Freehold
rightful rightful
rulers ruler
world world
Thus Thus
militaristic militaristic
tigers tiger
supported supported
Old Old
Blood Blood
held held
sway sway
almost almost
century century
led led
Volantis Volantis
conflict conflict
Free Free
Cities Cities
conflict conflict
would would
eventually eventually
involve involve
Free Free
Cities Cities
except except
far far
known known
Lorath Lorath
first first
Volantis Volantis
succeeded succeeded
conquest conquest
alliance alliance
Tyrosh Tyrosh
Pentos Pentos
resisted resisted
Volantis Volantis
Myr Myr
Lys Lys
rebelled rebelled
Volantis Volantis
defeated defeated
alliance alliance
Qohor Qohor
Norvos Norvos
Dothraki Dothraki
Storm Storm
King King
Argilac Argilac
Durrandon Durrandon
Lord Lord
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Dragonstone Dragonstone
end end
elephants elephant
faction faction
favoring favoring
peace peace
took took
power power
tigers tiger
fighting fighting
end end
followers follower
went went
rampage rampage
knocking knocking
heads head
statues statue
blamed blamed
wars war
deaths death
last last
three three
centuries century
since since
taking taking
power power
tigers tiger
least least
two two
three three
triarchs triarchs
power power
elephants elephant
time time
one one
tiger tiger
named named
triarch triarch
first first
elephants elephant
women woman
one one
Trianna Trianna
returned returned
four four
times time
Volantis Volantis
hasnt hasnt
female female
triarch triarch
three three
hundred hundred
years year
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
Pentos Pentos
paid paid
Triarch Triarch
Nyessos Nyessos
Vhassar Vhassar
elephants elephant
enough enough
eight eight
times time
Kingfisher Kingfisher
informs informs
crew crew
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
Volantis Volantis
go go
war war
Nyessos Nyessos
Malaquo Malaquo
go go
hand hand
hand hand
elephants elephant
show show
stripes stripe
Doniphos Doniphos
Paenymion Paenymion
like like
two two
triarchs triarchs
reelection reelection
many many
believe believe
unlikely unlikely
reelected reelected
one one
wish wish
war war
Volantis Volantis
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Meereen Meereen
According According
Qavo Qavo
Nogarys Nogarys
Doniphos Doniphos
returned returned
triarch triarch
city city
Volantis Volantis
thirsts thirst
war war
Nogarys Nogarys
also also
reports report
Nyessos Nyessos
also also
bought bought
Wise Wise
Masters Masters
widow widow
waterfront waterfront
tells tell
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
even even
elephants elephant
support support
going going
war war
Meereen Meereen
example example
Nyessos Nyessos
Vhassar Vhassar
owes owes
much much
wealth wealth
slave slave
trade trade
Tigers Tigers
love love
bare bare
claws claw
even even
elephants elephant
kill kill
threatened threatened
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
ugly ugly
old old
ramshackle ramshackle
singlemasted singlemasted
poleboat poleboat
large large
lateen lateen
sail sail
crew crew
includes includes
captain captain
master master
Yandry Yandry
wife wife
Ysilla Ysilla
Although Although
poleboats poleboats
ply ply
rivers river
Dorne Dorne
often often
brightly brightly
painted painted
exquisitely exquisitely
carved carved
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
paintwork paintwork
muddy muddy
greyish greyish
brown brown
mottled mottled
flaking flaking
big big
curved curved
tiller tiller
plain plain
unadorned unadorned
broad broad
beam beam
draft draft
shallow shallow
work work
way way
even even
smallest smallest
river river
’ ’
s s
vassal vassal
streams stream
negotiating negotiating
sandbars sandbar
would would
strand strand
larger larger
vessels vessel
yet yet
sail sail
raised raised
current current
make make
good good
speed speed
mean mean
life life
death death
upper upper
reaches reach
Rhoyne Rhoyne
according according
Yandry Yandry
Haldons Haldons
largest largest
ships ship
four four
cabins cabin
One One
wall wall
lined lined
bookshelves bookshelf
bins bin
stacked stacked
old old
scrolls scroll
parchments parchment
another another
holds hold
racks rack
ointments ointment
herbs herb
potions potion
cabins cabin
round round
window window
yellow yellow
glass glass
furnishings furnishing
include include
bunk bunk
writing writing
desk desk
chair chair
stool stool
cyvasse cyvasse
table table
strewn strewn
carved carved
wooden wooden
pieces piece
boat boat
used used
Griff Griff
transport transport
party party
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Volantis Volantis
Much Much
Griff Griff
’ ’
s s
consternation consternation
Yandry Yandry
Ysilla Ysilla
refuse refuse
risk risk
pole pole
boat boat
dark dark
continue continue
downstream downstream
night night
Upper Upper
Rhoyne Rhoyne
full full
snags snag
sawyers sawyer
anyone anyone
could could
rip rip
Shy Shy
Maids Maids
hull hull
Yandry Yandry
Ysilla Ysilla
share share
one one
cabin cabin
Griff Griff
Young Young
Griff Griff
another another
Septa Septa
Lemore Lemore
cabin cabin
Haldon Haldon
largest largest
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
going going
names name
Hugor Hugor
Hill Hill
Yollo Yollo
makes make
bed bed
atop atop
roof roof
one one
Shy Shy
Maids Maids
cabins cabin
coil coil
hempen hempen
rope rope
pillow pillow
likes like
better better
boats boat
cramped cramped
hold hold
Ser Ser
Rolly Rolly
Duckfield Duckfield
possibly possibly
sleeps sleep
hold hold
looks look
like like
dirt dirt
… …
doubt doubt
that that
’ ’
s s
point point
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
fifth fifth
seven seven
planned planned
novels novel
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
series series
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
American American
author author
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
Despite Despite
original original
predictions prediction
possible possible
completion completion
late late
novel novel
released released
July July
Martin Martin
officially officially
finished finished
book book
April April
delivering delivering
page page
manuscript manuscript
hands hand
book book
editor editor
Anne Anne
Groell Groell
completing completing
office office
New New
York York
City City
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
name name
given given
civil civil
war war
prior prior
history history
Westeros Westeros
leading leading
much much
speculation speculation
novel novel
would would
feature feature
longawaited longawaited
invasion invasion
Westeros Westeros
army army
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
However However
ComicCon ComicCon
Martin Martin
said said
necessarily necessarily
title title
referring referring
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
originally originally
title title
second second
novel novel
sequence sequence
Martin Martin
still still
envisaged envisaged
series series
trilogy trilogy
early early
US US
editions edition
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
list list
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
forthcoming forthcoming
second second
volume volume
series series
also also
original original
planned planned
title title
fourth fourth
novel novel
Much Much
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
divided divided
UK UK
Mass Mass
Market Market
Paperback Paperback
editions edition
Steel Steel
Snow Snow
Blood Blood
Gold Gold
announced announced
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
would would
also also
published published
two two
volumes volume
named named
Dreams Dreams
Dust Dust
Feast Feast
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
set set
fictitious fictitious
world world
reminiscent reminiscent
medieval medieval
Europe Europe
primarily primarily
continent continent
called called
Westeros Westeros
except except
fact fact
world world
seasons season
last last
years year
occasionally occasionally
decades decade
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
picks pick
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
leaves leaf
runs run
simultaneously simultaneously
events event
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
seems seems
winding winding
north north
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
installed installed
Wall Wall
vowed vowed
win win
support support
northmen northman
continue continue
struggle struggle
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
although although
complicated complicated
fact fact
much much
west west
coast coast
occupation occupation
ironborn ironborn
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
elected elected
th th
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
enemies enemy
Watch Watch
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
taken taken
ship ship
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Pentos Pentos
eventual eventual
goals goal
unknown unknown
even even
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
conquered conquered
city city
Meereen Meereen
decided decided
stay stay
rule rule
city city
honing honing
skills skill
leadership leadership
needed needed
travels travel
Westeros Westeros
Daeneryss Daeneryss
presence presence
known known
many many
Westeros Westeros
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Dorne Dorne
Oldtown Oldtown
Free Free
Cities Cities
emissaries emissary
way way
find find
use use
cause cause
ends end
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
takes take
place place
year year
AC AC
partly partly
runs run
simultaneously simultaneously
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
continues continues
longer longer
year year
previous previous
book book
tale tale
told told
eyes eye
sixteen sixteen
POV POV
characters character
previous previous
volumes volume
oneoff oneoff
prologue prologue
epilogue epilogue
POV POV
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
beset beset
sides side
threats threat
danger danger
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
wants want
land land
waycastles waycastles
belonging belonging
Watch Watch
means mean
hand hand
fiefs fief
loyal loyal
supporters supporter
Others Others
continuing continuing
mass mass
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Mance Mance
Rayders Rayders
wildling wildling
host host
leaderless leaderless
smashed smashed
Stannis Stannis
events event
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
still still
numbers number
thousands thousand
Jon Jon
sees see
every every
wildling wildling
represents represents
another another
wight wight
Others Others
send send
Wall Wall
end end
takes take
great great
pains pain
court court
wildlings wildlings
winning winning
side side
uniting uniting
Watch Watch
common common
foe foe
however however
Jon Jon
loses loses
support support
many many
sworn sworn
brothers brother
Shortly Shortly
shepherding shepherding
large large
wilding wilding
host host
Wall Wall
stabbed stabbed
several several
members member
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
last last
chapter chapter
ending ending
falling falling
unconscious unconscious
Melisandre Melisandre
meanwhile meanwhile
burns burn
Rattleshirt Rattleshirt
disguised disguised
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
glamor glamor
Mance Mance
secretly secretly
lives life
disguised disguised
Rattleshirt Rattleshirt
Melisandre Melisandre
reveals reveals
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
grey grey
girl girl
dying dying
horse horse
interprets interprets
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
coming coming
kingsroad kingsroad
seek seek
asylum asylum
Jons Jons
permission permission
dispatches dispatch
Mance Mance
several several
spearwives spearwives
rescue rescue
girl girl
revealed revealed
actually actually
Alys Alys
Karstark Karstark
fleeing fleeing
manipulations manipulation
relatives relative
light light
fathers father
death death
taking taking
Jons Jons
advice advice
Stannis Stannis
able able
seize seize
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
allegiance allegiance
hill hill
folk folk
Karstarks Karstarks
Glovers Glovers
Mormonts Mormonts
half half
Umbers Umbers
moves move
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
taken taken
seat seat
ruins ruin
Winterfell Winterfell
half half
northern northern
bannermen bannermen
last last
report report
gloating gloating
letter letter
Ramsays Ramsays
handwriting handwriting
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
smashed smashed
king king
slain slain
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
sent sent
treat treat
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
Lord Lord
White White
Harbor Harbor
hopes hope
bringing bringing
Stanniss Stanniss
cause cause
finds find
Mermans Mermans
Court Court
infested infested
Freys Freys
claims claim
Manderlys Manderlys
older older
son son
Wylis Wylis
slain slain
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Wyman Wyman
yields yield
insistence insistence
Davos Davos
imprisoned imprisoned
However However
Davos Davos
continues continues
narrate narrate
long long
chronological chronological
moment moment
queen queen
received received
word word
death death
kept kept
genteel genteel
imprisonment imprisonment
Wolfs Wolfs
Den Den
eventually eventually
freed freed
Robett Robett
Glover Glover
joined joined
Lord Lord
Manderly Manderly
presenting presenting
friendly friendly
face face
Freys Freys
whilst whilst
secretly secretly
plotting plotting
downfall downfall
especially especially
Cersei Cersei
released released
Wendel Wendel
Wyman Wyman
introduces introduces
Davos Davos
ironborn ironborn
squire squire
Wex Wex
Pyke Pyke
formerly formerly
service service
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
survived survived
sack sack
Winterfell Winterfell
hiding hiding
tree tree
observed observed
six six
survivors survivor
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Jojen Jojen
Meera Meera
Reed Reed
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
Osha Osha
Hodor Hodor
fleeing fleeing
ruins ruin
Davos Davos
commissioned commissioned
retrieve retrieve
Rickon Rickon
island island
Skagos Skagos
succeed succeed
House House
Manderly Manderly
vassals vassal
join join
Stanniss Stanniss
cause cause
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
lately lately
fled fled
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
unsuccessful unsuccessful
bid bid
kingsmoot kingsmoot
saw saw
uncle uncle
Euron Euron
crowned crowned
sleeps sleep
Qarl Qarl
Maid Maid
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
captured captured
Stanniss Stanniss
assault assault
Deepwood Deepwood
however however
taken taken
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
fierce fierce
blizzard blizzard
slows slows
progress progress
Stannis Stannis
halts halt
march march
crofters crofter
village village
Meanwhile Meanwhile
creature creature
known known
Reek Reek
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Ramsay Ramsay
tortured tortured
psychologically psychologically
abused abused
adopting adopting
new new
identity identity
released released
Ramsay Ramsay
convince convince
ironbornheld ironbornheld
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
surrender surrender
thus thus
allowing allowing
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
contingent contingent
Freys Freys
northerners northerner
escaped escaped
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
return return
home home
comes come
Ramsays Ramsays
new new
bride bride
girl girl
calling calling
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Recognizing Recognizing
Jeyne Jeyne
Poole Poole
daughter daughter
Winterfells Winterfells
former former
steward steward
Reek Reek
warns warns
adopt adopt
new new
identity identity
lest lest
Ramsay Ramsay
displeased displeased
bard bard
Abel Abel
washerwomen washerwoman
take take
interest interest
Reek Reek
unknown unknown
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
spearwives spearwives
disguise disguise
Several Several
Rooses Rooses
supporters supporter
mysteriously mysteriously
died died
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
begins begin
regain regain
identity identity
spearwives spearwives
help help
Theon Theon
smuggle smuggle
Jeyne Jeyne
castle castle
eventually eventually
pair pair
reach reach
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
narrative narrative
leaves leaf
Ramsays Ramsays
letter letter
Jon Jon
mentions mention
wants want
wife wife
Reek Reek
back back
suggesting suggesting
least least
able able
escape escape
slaughter slaughter
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Meereen Meereen
finds find
crown crown
lying lying
uneasy uneasy
head head
Though Though
rules rule
Meereen Meereen
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
pick pick
men men
socalled socalled
shadow shadow
war war
Many Many
Meereenese Meereenese
citizens citizen
resent resent
new new
order order
things thing
number number
cities city
eventually eventually
take take
arms arm
slave slave
trade trade
abolished abolished
one one
cornerstones cornerstone
economy economy
region region
idea idea
tame tame
dragons dragon
ranging ranging
far far
wide wide
eating eating
whatever whatever
feel feel
like like
including including
children child
Danerys Danerys
visited visited
Quaithe Quaithe
warns warns
others others
descending descending
Soon Soon
comes come
pale pale
mare mare
others others
Kraken Kraken
dark dark
flame flame
lion lion
griffin griffin
suns sun
son son
mummers mummer
dragon dragon
lion lion
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
lately lately
fled fled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
accusations accusation
regicide regicide
kinslaying kinslaying
smuggled smuggled
Pentos Pentos
help help
Varys Varys
left left
care care
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
supporter supporter
Daenerys Daenerys
Tyrion Tyrion
decides decides
offer offer
services service
makes make
journey journey
company company
tall tall
taciturn taciturn
knight knight
Griff Griff
son son
Young Young
Griff Griff
Tyrion Tyrion
takes take
note note
care care
Young Young
Griff Griff
tutored tutored
well well
coloring coloring
deduces deduces
boy boy
actually actually
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
longbelieveddead longbelieveddead
son son
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Elia Elia
Dorne Dorne
father father
Griff Griff
actually actually
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
Whilst Whilst
town town
Selhorys Selhorys
Tyrion Tyrion
waylaid waylaid
Penny Penny
dwarf dwarf
woman woman
hired hired
entertainment entertainment
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheons Baratheons
royal royal
wedding wedding
whose whose
brother brother
performing performing
partner partner
killed killed
Cerseis Cerseis
purge purge
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
kidnaps kidnaps
prize prize
win win
way way
back back
Daeneryss Daeneryss
graces grace
Unfortunately Unfortunately
Selaesori Selaesori
Qhoran Qhoran
ship ship
Mormont Mormont
hires hire
take take
Volantis Volantis
waylaid waylaid
slavers slaver
Tyrion Tyrion
Penny Penny
sold sold
markets market
shadow shadow
Meereen Meereen
claiming claiming
entertainment entertainment
act act
Tyrion Tyrion
sneaks sneak
way way
camp camp
Second Second
Sons Sons
led led
Brown Brown
Ben Ben
Plumm Plumm
Tyrion Tyrion
pledges pledge
sword sword
another another
step step
getting getting
closer closer
Daenerys Daenerys
kraken kraken
Victarion Victarion
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Captain Captain
Iron Iron
Fleet Fleet
sails sail
forces force
east east
towards towards
Meereen Meereen
Victarion Victarion
given given
possession possession
Eurons Eurons
dragonbinding dragonbinding
horn horn
also also
comes come
across across
red red
priest priest
Moqorro Moqorro
last last
seen seen
Tyrions Tyrions
ship ship
washed washed
overboard overboard
long long
slavers slaver
attacked attacked
Moqorro Moqorro
brings brings
Victarion Victarion
believe believe
Rhllor Rhllor
Lord Lord
Light Light
demonstrating demonstrating
power power
claims claim
know know
use use
dragon dragon
horn horn
safely safely
Victarions Victarions
men men
call call
priest priest
Black Black
Flame Flame
Moqorro Moqorro
proves prof
difficult difficult
pronounce pronounce
Prince Prince
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Sunspear Sunspear
traveling traveling
east east
well well
parchment parchment
signed signed
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
many many
years year
ago ago
establishing establishing
elder elder
sister sister
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
wed wed
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
comes come
age age
Prince Prince
Dorans Dorans
wish wish
Quentyn Quentyn
Daenerys Daenerys
stand stand
place place
deceased deceased
elder elder
siblings sibling
matter matter
arrives arrives
late late
finding finding
Daenerys Daenerys
enter enter
political political
marriage marriage
Meereenese Meereenese
noble noble
Quentyn Quentyn
left left
bad bad
position position
new new
husband husband
tries try
poisoned poisoned
tactic tactic
notorious notorious
Quentyns Quentyns
uncle uncle
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
lastditch lastditch
effort effort
prove prove
worth worth
Quentyn Quentyn
visits visit
Danys Danys
two two
dragons dragon
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
attempts attempt
tame tame
dies dy
burns burn
three three
days day
later later
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
never never
arrive arrive
Meereen Meereen
hired hired
Golden Golden
Company Company
group group
sellswords sellswords
founded founded
Westerosi Westerosi
exiles exile
company company
Aegon Aegon
shows show
listened listened
Tyrions Tyrions
counsel counsel
time time
together together
despite despite
Tyrion Tyrion
admonishing admonishing
trust trust
one one
especially especially
suggests suggests
attacking attacking
Westeros Westeros
establishing establishing
beachhead beachhead
Daenerys Daenerys
later later
reinforce reinforce
Aegon Aegon
seeks seek
Daeneryss Daeneryss
hand hand
keenly keenly
aware aware
must must
something something
worthwhile worthwhile
offer offer
besides besides
bloodline bloodline
nephew nephew
first first
conquest conquest
landing landing
Golden Golden
Company Company
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
Conningtons Conningtons
former former
seat seat
relief relief
exiled exiled
lord lord
contracted contracted
terminal terminal
disease disease
greyscale greyscale
travels travel
main main
target target
Storms Storms
End End
siege siege
Aegon Aegon
proposes proposes
lead lead
Unlike Unlike
symbolism symbolism
Quaithes Quaithes
references reference
pale pale
mare mare
literal literal
horse horse
carrying carrying
refugee refugee
Astapor Astapor
brings brings
gift gift
plague plague
coincidence coincidence
contract contract
said said
riding riding
pale pale
mare mare
bloody bloody
flux flux
ravages ravage
Meereenese Meereenese
armies army
Yunkish Yunkish
slaves slave
sellsword sellsword
companies company
drawn drawn
attack attack
advent advent
allows allows
Tyrion Tyrion
Penny Penny
Jorah Jorah
escape escape
captivity captivity
amongst amongst
things thing
advice advice
councilors councilors
Daenerys Daenerys
marries marries
Hizdahr Hizdahr
zo zo
Loraq Loraq
leading leading
noble noble
able able
pacify pacify
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
broker broker
ceasefire ceasefire
Meereen Meereen
aggressors aggressor
include include
Volantis Volantis
Qarth Qarth
Yunkai Yunkai
however however
gives give
attraction attraction
Daario Daario
Naharis Naharis
ceremony ceremony
also also
locks lock
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
away away
keep keep
eating eating
anyone anyone
unable unable
capture capture
Drogon Drogon
escapes escape
wild wild
part part
wedding wedding
feast feast
Daenerys Daenerys
goes go
wishes wish
allows allows
fighting fighting
pits pit
Meereen Meereen
reopen reopen
present present
first first
pit pit
fighting fighting
games game
Drogon Drogon
drawn drawn
noise noise
chaos chaos
Daenerys Daenerys
leaps leap
Drogons Drogons
back back
two two
fly fly
away away
Daznaks Daznaks
Pit Pit
leaving leaving
Meereen Meereen
largely largely
hands hand
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
takes take
rulership rulership
narration narration
Barristan Barristan
becomes becomes
convinced convinced
Hizdahr Hizdahr
trying trying
poison poison
Daenerys Daenerys
sweetmeat sweetmeat
offered offered
turned turned
almost almost
kill kill
Strong Strong
Belwas Belwas
ate ate
instead instead
able able
organize organize
coup coup
Hizdahr Hizdahr
Barristans Barristans
attempts attempt
rebroker rebroker
peace peace
fail fail
war war
begins begin
earnest earnest
final final
chapter chapter
aside aside
epilogue epilogue
Daeneryss Daeneryss
attempts attempt
return return
foot foot
Meereen Meereen
hill hill
southern southern
reaches reach
Dothraki Dothraki
sea sea
Drogon Drogon
taken taken
haunt haunt
encountered encountered
khalasar khalasar
Khal Khal
Jhaqo Jhaqo
novel novel
ends end
chapters chapter
deal deal
fate fate
trainee trainee
House House
Black Black
White White
girl girl
formerly formerly
known known
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
currently currently
blind blind
revealed revealed
blindness blindness
yet yet
another another
step step
training training
maintained maintained
potion potion
given given
every every
night night
refuses refuse
antidote antidote
knowing knowing
yield yield
released released
training training
passing passing
blind blind
portion portion
regimen regimen
successfully successfully
orchestrating orchestrating
assassination assassination
hated hated
insurance insurance
agent agent
officially officially
advanced advanced
training training
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Kingslayer Kingslayer
travels travel
Raventree Raventree
Hall Hall
seat seat
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Blackwood Blackwood
rival rival
Lord Lord
Jonos Jonos
Bracken Bracken
commands command
siege siege
Raventree Raventree
Tytos Tytos
final final
bannerman bannerman
Robb Robb
Starks Starks
still still
arms arm
yields yield
presented presented
someone someone
surrender surrender
lifelong lifelong
feud feud
night night
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
arrives arrives
Jaimes Jaimes
campsite campsite
claiming claiming
found found
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
take take
ser ser
need need
come come
alone alone
Elsewise Elsewise
Hound Hound
kill kill
falsehood falsehood
revealed revealed
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Brienne Brienne
knows know
Arya Arya
last last
seen seen
alone alone
Saltpans Saltpans
Hound Hound
dead dead
buried buried
source source
trusts trust
motivation motivation
lie lie
yet yet
explained explained
Presumably Presumably
however however
given given
actions action
end end
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
leading leading
Lady Lady
Stoneheart Stoneheart
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
captain captain
guards guard
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
observes observes
goingson goingson
Sunspear Sunspear
Doran Doran
reveals reveals
late late
brother brother
Oberyns Oberyns
mistress mistress
Ellaria Ellaria
Sand Sand
Oberyns Oberyns
daughters daughter
Nymeria Nymeria
Tyene Tyene
Obara Obara
Sand Sand
convinced convinced
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
lie lie
events event
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martells Martells
botched botched
queenmaking queenmaking
attempt attempt
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakheart Oakheart
slain slain
Myrcella Myrcella
injured injured
Ser Ser
Gerold Gerold
Dayne Dayne
called called
Darkstar Darkstar
Since Since
Myrcella Myrcella
lost lost
ear ear
begin begin
agreed agreed
claim claim
Darkstar Darkstar
slew slew
Arys Arys
well well
Doran Doran
also also
decided decided
deny deny
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannisters Lannisters
request request
son son
Prince Prince
Trystane Trystane
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Myrcella Myrcella
ambush ambush
planned planned
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannisters Lannisters
name name
would would
result result
Trystanes Trystanes
death death
Doran Doran
dispatches dispatch
Nym Nym
Tyene Tyene
instead instead
one one
take take
small small
council council
seat seat
join join
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
thus thus
giving giving
eyes eye
ears ear
capital capital
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
continues continues
captivity captivity
Great Great
Sept Sept
period period
enforced enforced
sleeplessness sleeplessness
confesses confesses
High High
Septon Septon
charges charge
fornication fornication
incest incest
Lancel Lancel
though though
adultery adultery
slaying slaying
King King
Robert Robert
gains gain
right right
receive receive
visitors visitor
particularly particularly
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
reveals reveals
news news
Myrcellas Myrcellas
injury injury
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakhearts Oakhearts
death death
Dorne Dorne
Cersei Cersei
relieved relieved
allows allows
name name
Qyburns Qyburns
silent silent
champion champion
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Strong Strong
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Oakhearts Oakhearts
place place
giving giving
chance chance
win win
trial trial
combat combat
Eventually Eventually
released released
Red Red
Keep Keep
spend spend
time time
son son
trial trial
must must
walk walk
entire entire
way way
naked naked
suffering suffering
humiliation humiliation
smallfolk smallfolk
epilogue epilogue
closes close
novel novel
viewpoint viewpoint
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
late late
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
staunchest staunchest
supporter supporter
current current
regent regent
light light
Cerseis Cerseis
judicial judicial
troubles trouble
supping supping
Cersei Cersei
King King
Tommen Tommen
noting noting
nieces niece
nowbroken nowbroken
spirit spirit
Kevan Kevan
called called
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelles Pycelles
quarters quarter
receive receive
white white
raven raven
Citadel Citadel
Oldtown Oldtown
traditional traditional
sign sign
winter winter
come come
Kevan Kevan
finds find
Pycelle Pycelle
dead dead
regent regent
assassinated assassinated
Varys Varys
threatening threatening
undo undo
queens queen
good good
work work
reconcile reconcile
Highgarden Highgarden
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
bind bind
Faith Faith
little little
king king
unite unite
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Tommens Tommens
rule rule
Kevan Kevan
dead dead
Varys Varys
claims claim
way way
opened opened
Aegon Aegon
assume assume
throne throne
Martin Martin
offered offered
glimpses glimpse
book book
several several
times time
Published Published
website website
Published Published
promotionally promotionally
Bantam Bantam
Read Read
conventions convention
events event
perhaps perhaps
incompletely incompletely
fourth fourth
novel novel
series series
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
published published
missing missing
many many
key key
characters character
book book
gotten gotten
far far
large large
publish publish
one one
volume volume
Rather Rather
simply simply
split split
half half
publish publish
Part Part
Part Part
Martin Martin
decided decided
split split
book book
character character
location location
decision decision
apparently apparently
inspired inspired
conversation conversation
Martins Martins
friend friend
fellow fellow
writer writer
Daniel Daniel
Abraham Abraham
Thus Thus
characters character
south south
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
new new
locations location
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Dorne Dorne
appeared appeared
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Characters Characters
North North
across across
sea sea
held held
back back
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
appear appear
volumes volume
Approximately Approximately
onethird onethird
published published
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
consists consists
material material
written written
presplit presplit
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
although although
much much
rewritten rewritten
Martin Martin
Martin Martin
also also
promised promised
try try
include include
catchup catchup
chapters chapter
end end
novel novel
reveal reveal
happened happened
novels novel
characters character
cliffhanger cliffhanger
endings ending
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
Jaime Jaime
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
second second
form form
split split
occurred occurred
involving involving
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
book book
originally originally
published published
single single
volume volume
middle middle
starting starting
around around
March March
many many
English English
language language
editions edition
designed designed
two two
volumes volume
similar similar
decision decision
taken taken
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
first first
half half
split split
editions edition
subtitled subtitled
Dreams Dreams
Dust Dust
second second
half half
received received
subtitle subtitle
Feast Feast
supposedly supposedly
include include
chapters chapter
happen happen
chronologically chronologically
end end
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
page page
Arya Arya
passes pass
Cult Cult
Starry Starry
Wisdom Wisdom
organization organization
originated originated
H H
P P
Lovecrafts Lovecrafts
short short
story story
Haunter Haunter
Dark Dark
English English
language language
editions edition
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
published published
Random Random
House House
United United
States States
way way
division division
Bantam Bantam
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
United United
Kingdom Kingdom
book book
first first
published published
July July
hardcovers hardcover
Bantam Bantam
Harper Harper
Collins Collins
March March
first first
MMP MMP
Mass Mass
Market Market
Paperbacks Paperbacks
published published
editions edition
also also
exist exist
American American
MMP MMP
greatly greatly
expected expected
financial financial
considerations consideration
due due
promise promise
new new
sample sample
chapter chapter
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Battles Battles
Westeros Westeros
twoplayer twoplayer
miniaturebased miniaturebased
wargame wargame
created created
Robert Robert
Kouba Kouba
released released
Edge Edge
Entertainment Entertainment
Fantasy Fantasy
Flight Flight
Games Games
game game
based based
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
fantasy fantasy
series series
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
basic basic
game game
one one
player player
commands command
forces force
House House
Stark Stark
commands command
House House
Lannister Lannister
expansions expansion
introduce introduce
new new
powers power
game game
expanded expanded
Battles Battles
Westeros Westeros
Wardens Wardens
West West
Battles Battles
Westeros Westeros
Wardens Wardens
North North
published published
Battles Battles
Westeros Westeros
Tribes Tribes
Vale Vale
Battles Battles
Westeros Westeros
Lords Lords
River River
Battles Battles
Westeros Westeros
Brotherhood Brotherhood
Without Without
Banners Banners
published published
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
commonly commonly
abbreviated abbreviated
ASoIaF ASoIaF
ongoing ongoing
series series
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
novels novel
American American
novelist novelist
screenwriter screenwriter
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
Martin Martin
began began
writing writing
series series
first first
volume volume
published published
Originally Originally
planned planned
trilogy trilogy
series series
consists consists
five five
published published
volumes volume
two two
planned planned
addition addition
three three
prequel prequel
novellas novella
currently currently
available available
several several
planned planned
series series
novellalength novellalength
excerpts excerpt
main main
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
novels novel
story story
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
takes take
place place
fictional fictional
world world
primarily primarily
continent continent
called called
Westeros Westeros
also also
large large
landmass landmass
east east
known known
Essos Essos
characters character
human human
series series
progresses progress
others others
introduced introduced
cold cold
menacing menacing
supernatural supernatural
Others Others
far far
North North
firebreathing firebreathing
dragons dragon
East East
thought thought
extinct extinct
humans human
story story
three three
principal principal
story story
lines line
series series
chronicling chronicling
dynastic dynastic
civil civil
war war
control control
Westeros Westeros
among among
several several
competing competing
families family
rising rising
threat threat
Others Others
dwell dwell
beyond beyond
immense immense
wall wall
ice ice
forms form
Westeros Westeros
northern northern
border border
ambition ambition
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
exiled exiled
daughter daughter
king king
murdered murdered
another another
civil civil
war war
fifteen fifteen
years year
return return
Westeros Westeros
claim claim
rightful rightful
throne throne
series series
progresses progress
three three
story story
lines line
become become
increasingly increasingly
interwoven interwoven
dependent dependent
upon upon
series series
told told
thirdperson thirdperson
eyes eye
number number
point point
view view
characters character
end end
fourth fourth
volume volume
seventeen seventeen
characters character
multiple multiple
chapters chapter
eight eight
one one
chapter chapter
apiece apiece
Several Several
new new
viewpoint viewpoint
characters character
introduced introduced
conclusion conclusion
fifth fifth
volume volume
setting setting
stage stage
major major
events event
sixth sixth
novel novel
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
set set
primarily primarily
fictional fictional
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Westeros Westeros
large large
South South
Americansized Americansized
continent continent
ancient ancient
history history
stretching stretching
back back
twelve twelve
thousand thousand
years year
detailed detailed
history history
reveals reveals
seven seven
kingdoms kingdom
came came
dominate dominate
continent continent
seven seven
nations nation
united united
one one
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
years year
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
Targaryens Targaryens
overthrown overthrown
civil civil
war war
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
backed backed
primarily primarily
friend friend
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
foster foster
father father
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
takes take
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
novels novel
begin begin
fifteen fifteen
years year
later later
follow follow
fallout fallout
event event
across across
three three
major major
storylines storyline
set set
Westeros Westeros
eastern eastern
continent continent
well well
first first
storyline storyline
set set
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
chronicles chronicle
manysided manysided
struggle struggle
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
develops develops
King King
Roberts Roberts
death death
throne throne
claimed claimed
son son
Joffrey Joffrey
supported supported
mothers mother
powerful powerful
family family
House House
Lannister Lannister
However However
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
King King
Roberts Roberts
Hand Hand
finds find
Roberts Roberts
children child
illegitimate illegitimate
throne throne
therefore therefore
fall fall
second second
three three
Baratheon Baratheon
brothers brother
Stannis Stannis
charismatic charismatic
popular popular
youngest youngest
brother brother
Renly Renly
also also
places place
claim claim
openly openly
disregarding disregarding
order order
precedence precedence
support support
powerful powerful
House House
Tyrell Tyrell
claimants claimant
battle battle
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Starks Starks
heir heir
proclaimed proclaimed
King King
North North
northmen northman
allies ally
Riverlands Riverlands
seek seek
return return
selfrule selfrule
Likewise Likewise
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
also also
reclaims reclaims
ancient ancient
throne throne
region region
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
eye eye
toward toward
independence independence
socalled socalled
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
principal principal
storyline storyline
first first
four four
novels novel
indeed indeed
fourth fourth
novel novel
primarily primarily
concerns concern
Westeross Westeross
recovery recovery
face face
coming coming
winter winter
political political
machinations machination
seeking seeking
gain gain
aftermath aftermath
wake wake
war war
four four
five five
selfproclaimed selfproclaimed
kings king
killed killed
leaving leaving
Stannis Stannis
sole sole
survivor survivor
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
currently currently
held held
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
allegedly allegedly
Roberts Roberts
son son
illegitimate illegitimate
former former
regent regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
deposed deposed
imprisoned imprisoned
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Faith Faith
Stannis Stannis
army army
gained gained
little little
support support
Great Great
Houses Houses
Westeros Westeros
presently presently
Wall Wall
far far
north north
Stannis Stannis
seeks seek
protect protect
realm realm
threat threat
invasion invasion
simultaneously simultaneously
win win
favor favor
northern northern
strongholds stronghold
second second
storyline storyline
set set
extreme extreme
northern northern
border border
Westeros Westeros
many many
thousands thousand
years year
ago ago
huge huge
wall wall
ice ice
gravel gravel
constructed constructed
magic magic
labor labor
defend defend
Westeros Westeros
threat threat
Others Others
race race
nowmythical nowmythical
creatures creature
living living
uttermost uttermost
north north
Wall Wall
milelong milelong
foottall foottall
defended defended
maintained maintained
Sworn Sworn
Brotherhood Brotherhood
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
whose whose
duty duty
guard guard
kingdom kingdom
Others Others
time time
novels novel
Others Others
seen seen
years year
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
devolved devolved
essentially essentially
penal penal
colony colony
badly badly
understrength understrength
manned manned
primarily primarily
criminals criminal
refugees refugee
knights knight
men men
honor honor
stiffen stiffen
spends spends
time time
dealing dealing
human human
wildlings wildlings
free free
folk folk
live live
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
storyline storyline
told told
primarily primarily
eyes eye
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
bastard bastard
son son
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
rises rise
ranks rank
Watch Watch
learns learns
true true
nature nature
threat threat
north north
prepares prepares
defend defend
realm realm
even even
though though
people people
Westeros Westeros
busy busy
warring warring
send send
support support
end end
third third
volume volume
storyline storyline
somewhat somewhat
entangled entangled
civil civil
war war
south south
third third
storyline storyline
set set
huge huge
eastern eastern
continent continent
Essos Essos
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
follows follows
adventures adventure
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
last last
scion scion
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
exile exile
another another
claimant claimant
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Daeneryss Daeneryss
adventures adventure
showcase showcase
growing growing
ability ability
rises rise
pauper pauper
sold sold
dynastic dynastic
marriage marriage
barbarian barbarian
warlord warlord
powerful powerful
canny canny
ruler ruler
right right
rise rise
aided aided
birth birth
three three
dragons dragon
creatures creature
thought thought
long long
extinct extinct
fossilized fossilized
eggs egg
given given
wedding wedding
gifts gift
family family
standard standard
dragon dragon
creatures creature
symbolic symbolic
value value
grown grown
big big
enough enough
tactical tactical
use use
Though Though
story story
separated separated
others others
many many
thousands thousand
miles mile
stated stated
goal goal
reclaim reclaim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
eponymous eponymous
song song
ice ice
fire fire
mentioned mentioned
series series
vision vision
Daenerys Daenerys
sees see
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
prince prince
promised promised
song song
ice ice
fire fire
spoken spoken
Targaryen Targaryen
probably probably
Daeneryss Daeneryss
dead dead
older older
brother brother
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
infant infant
son son
named named
Aegon Aegon
implied implied
connection connection
song song
promise promise
Daenerys Daenerys
established established
clearly clearly
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Aemon Aemon
Targaryen Targaryen
identifies identifies
Daenerys Daenerys
heir heir
promised promised
phrase phrase
ice ice
fire fire
also also
mentioned mentioned
Reeds Reeds
oath oath
loyalty loyalty
Bran Bran
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
However However
song song
promise promise
never never
mentioned mentioned
song song
remains remains
mystery mystery
books book
known known
complex complex
characters character
sudden sudden
often often
violent violent
plot plot
twists twist
political political
intrigue intrigue
genre genre
magic magic
usually usually
takes take
center center
stage stage
series series
reputation reputation
limited limited
subtle subtle
use use
magic magic
employing employing
ambiguous ambiguous
often often
sinister sinister
background background
force force
Finally Finally
novels novel
presently presently
center center
around around
climactic climactic
clash clash
Good Good
Evil Evil
plot plot
lines line
revolved revolved
primarily primarily
around around
political political
infighting infighting
civil civil
war war
one one
two two
storyline storyline
arcs arc
even even
suggesting suggesting
possibility possibility
external external
threat threat
novels novel
narrated narrated
strict strict
third third
person person
limited limited
omniscient omniscient
perspective perspective
chapters chapter
alternating alternating
different different
point point
view view
characters character
Martins Martins
treatment treatment
characters character
makes make
extremely extremely
hard hard
classify classify
labeled labeled
good good
evil evil
author author
also also
reputation reputation
afraid afraid
kill kill
character character
matter matter
major major
Martin Martin
longtime longtime
love love
miniature miniature
knights knight
medieval medieval
history history
early early
novels novel
short short
stories story
mostly mostly
fit fit
science science
fiction fiction
horror horror
genres genre
however however
eventually eventually
several several
fantasy fantasy
stories story
appear appear
Ice Ice
Dragon Dragon
later later
turned turned
illustrated illustrated
childrens childrens
book book
name name
mids mids
Martin Martin
worked worked
mainly mainly
Hollywood Hollywood
principally principally
writer writer
producer producer
New New
Twilight Twilight
Zone Zone
Beauty Beauty
Beast Beast
Beauty Beauty
Beast Beast
ended ended
Martin Martin
returned returned
writing writing
prose prose
started started
work work
science science
fiction fiction
novel novel
called called
Avalon Avalon
struggling struggling
story story
Martin Martin
conceived conceived
scene scene
several several
youngsters youngster
find find
dead dead
direwolf direwolf
stags stag
antler antler
throat throat
direwolf direwolf
birthed birthed
several several
pups pup
taken taken
youngsters youngster
raise raise
Martins Martins
imagination imagination
fired fired
idea idea
eventually eventually
developed developed
scene scene
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
story story
first first
envisaged envisaged
trilogy trilogy
consisting consisting
novels novel
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
Martin Martin
apparently apparently
previously previously
inspired inspired
genre genre
reading reading
Tad Tad
Williams Williams
Memory Memory
Sorrow Sorrow
Thorn Thorn
series series
convinced convinced
could could
approached approached
adult adult
mature mature
way way
previous previous
authors author
attempted attempted
lengthy lengthy
hiatus hiatus
spent spent
writing writing
producing producing
television television
pilot pilot
science science
fiction fiction
series series
created created
called called
Doorways Doorways
Martin Martin
resumed resumed
work work
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
completed completed
following following
year year
although although
partway partway
initial initial
plan plan
first first
novel novel
result result
time time
Martin Martin
eventually eventually
expanded expanded
plan plan
series series
include include
four four
books book
six six
finally finally
seven seven
tale tale
grew grew
telling telling
said said
quoting quoting
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
master master
JRR JRR
Tolkien Tolkien
Publication Publication
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
followed followed
UK UK
book book
subject subject
fierce fierce
bidding bidding
war war
eventually eventually
HarperCollins HarperCollins
£ £
Prerelease Prerelease
publicity publicity
included included
publication publication
sample sample
novella novella
called called
Blood Blood
Dragon Dragon
went went
win win
Hugo Hugo
Award Award
Best Best
Novella Novella
fit fit
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
one one
volume volume
Martin Martin
pulled pulled
last last
quarter quarter
book book
made made
opening opening
section section
second second
book book
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
May May
Martin Martin
noted noted
manuscript manuscript
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
pages page
long long
without without
appendices appendix
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
even even
longer longer
pages page
Numerous Numerous
parallels parallel
seen seen
events event
characters character
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
events event
people people
involved involved
Wars Wars
Roses Roses
Two Two
principal principal
families family
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Starks Starks
Lannisters Lannisters
seen seen
representing representing
historical historical
House House
York York
House House
Lancaster Lancaster
respectively respectively
similar similar
realityinspired realityinspired
conflict conflict
succession succession
struggle struggle
called called
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
two two
children child
Aegon Aegon
II II
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
historical historical
struggle struggle
labeled labeled
Anarchy Anarchy
Empress Empress
Matilda Matilda
daughter daughter
Henry Henry
England England
cousin cousin
Stephen Stephen
Blois Blois
provides provides
inspiration inspiration
daughter daughter
announced announced
fathers father
successor successor
due due
differing differing
reasons reason
male male
rivals rival
seize seize
crown crown
anointed anointed
rulers ruler
dynastic dynastic
struggle struggle
rival rival
claimants claimant
deposed deposed
succeeded succeeded
son son
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
Henry Henry
II II
England England
respectively respectively
original original
designated designated
heir heir
Neither Neither
Empress Empress
Matilda Matilda
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
actually actually
ruled ruled
name name
Martin Martin
avid avid
student student
medieval medieval
Europe Europe
said said
Wars Wars
Roses Roses
along along
many many
events event
Europe Europe
time time
influenced influenced
series series
However However
insists insists
theres there
really really
oneforone oneforone
characterforcharacter characterforcharacter
correspondence correspondence
like like
use use
history history
flavor flavor
fantasy fantasy
add add
texture texture
verisimilitude verisimilitude
simply simply
rewriting rewriting
history history
names name
changed changed
appeal appeal
prefer prefer
reimagine reimagine
take take
new new
unexpected unexpected
directions direction
Martin Martin
also also
said said
Albigensian Albigensian
Crusades Crusades
influence influence
series series
Regarding Regarding
content content
major major
differences difference
series series
much much
high high
fantasy fantasy
genre genre
structure structure
much much
common common
Lord Lord
Rings Rings
Martin Martin
states state
Although Although
differ differ
Tolkien Tolkien
important important
ways way
I I
’ ’
m m
second second
one one
respect respect
look look
Lord Lord
Rings Rings
begins begin
tight tight
focus focus
characters character
together together
end end
first first
book book
Fellowship Fellowship
splits split
different different
adventures adventure
thing thing
Everybody Everybody
Winterfell Winterfell
beginning beginning
except except
Dany Dany
split split
groups group
ultimately ultimately
split split
intent intent
fan fan
curve curve
come come
back back
together together
Finding Finding
point point
turn turn
begins begin
one one
issues issue
I I
’ ’
ve ve
wrestled wrestled
Martin Martin
acknowledged acknowledged
debt debt
works work
JRR JRR
Tolkien Tolkien
Jack Jack
Vance Vance
Tad Tad
Williams Williams
series series
differs differs
Tolkiens Tolkiens
inspiration inspiration
greater greater
use use
realistic realistic
elements element
Tolkien Tolkien
inspired inspired
mythology mythology
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
clearly clearly
influenced influenced
medieval medieval
early early
modern modern
history history
notably notably
Jacobitism Jacobitism
Wars Wars
Roses Roses
Likewise Likewise
Tolkien Tolkien
tended tended
toward toward
romantic romantic
relationships relationship
Martin Martin
writes writes
frankly frankly
sex sex
including including
incest incest
adultery adultery
prostitution prostitution
rape rape
result result
illegitimate illegitimate
children child
play play
prominent prominent
roles role
throughout throughout
series series
led led
series series
cited cited
forerunners forerunner
gritty gritty
new new
wave wave
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
authors author
followed followed
including including
Scott Scott
Lynch Lynch
Joe Joe
Abercrombie Abercrombie
website website
Martin Martin
acknowledged acknowledged
historical historical
fiction fiction
authors author
Bernard Bernard
Cornwell Cornwell
George George
MacDonald MacDonald
Fraser Fraser
influences influence
series series
Martin Martin
cited cited
cover cover
blurb blurb
Robert Robert
Jordan Jordan
first first
book book
influential influential
ensuring ensuring
series series
early early
success success
fantasy fantasy
readers reader
Originally Originally
planned planned
trilogy trilogy
series series
consists consists
five five
published published
volumes volume
remaining remaining
two two
novels novel
provisionally provisionally
titled titled
Additionally Additionally
also also
three three
prequel prequel
novellas novella
set set
world world
roughly roughly
years year
main main
events event
commonly commonly
known known
Tales Tales
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
main main
protagonists protagonist
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
also also
available available
graphic graphic
novel novel
Dabel Dabel
Brothers Brothers
Productions Productions
adaptation adaptation
Sworn Sworn
Sword Sword
forthcoming forthcoming
company company
author author
said said
would would
like like
write write
number number
stories story
varying varying
six six
twelve twelve
interview interview
interview interview
covering covering
entire entire
lives life
two two
characters character
collection collection
containing containing
first first
three three
published published
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
novellas novella
called called
Knight Knight
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
published published
Additionally Additionally
also also
three three
novellas novella
based based
chapter chapter
sets set
books book
previously previously
collected collected
form form
outlets outlet
Furthermore Furthermore
Martin Martin
released released
history history
compendium compendium
companion companion
book book
main main
series series
announced announced
second second
third third
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
already already
successful successful
fantasy fantasy
scifi scifi
author author
TV TV
writer writer
writing writing
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
book book
series series
Martin Martin
published published
first first
short short
story story
first first
novel novel
mids mids
three three
Hugo Hugo
Awards Awards
two two
Nebulas Nebulas
awards award
short short
fiction fiction
Although Although
early early
books book
well well
received received
within within
fantasy fantasy
fiction fiction
community community
readership readership
remained remained
relatively relatively
small small
Martin Martin
took took
jobs job
writer writer
Hollywood Hollywood
mids mids
principally principally
worked worked
revival revival
Twilight Twilight
Zone Zone
throughout throughout
Beauty Beauty
Beast Beast
also also
developed developed
TV TV
pilots pilot
wrote wrote
feature feature
film film
scripts script
Growing Growing
frustrated frustrated
none none
pilots pilot
screenplays screenplay
getting getting
made made
also also
getting getting
tired tired
TVrelated TVrelated
production production
limitations limitation
like like
budgets budget
episode episode
lengths length
often often
forced forced
cut cut
characters character
trim trim
battle battle
scenes scene
pushed pushed
Martin Martin
back back
towards towards
writing writing
books book
first first
love love
worry worry
compromising compromising
magnitude magnitude
imagination imagination
Admiring Admiring
works work
J J
R R
R R
Tolkien Tolkien
childhood childhood
wanted wanted
write write
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
specific specific
ideas idea
Martin Martin
Hollywood Hollywood
projects project
summer summer
started started
writing writing
new new
science science
fiction fiction
novel novel
called called
Avalon Avalon
three three
chapters chapter
vivid vivid
idea idea
boy boy
seeing seeing
mans man
beheading beheading
finding finding
direwolves direwolves
snow snow
would would
eventually eventually
become become
first first
nonprologue nonprologue
chapter chapter
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Putting Putting
Avalon Avalon
aside aside
Martin Martin
finished finished
chapter chapter
days day
grew grew
certain certain
part part
longer longer
story story
chapters chapter
Martin Martin
perceived perceived
new new
book book
fantasy fantasy
story story
started started
making making
maps map
genealogies genealogy
However However
writing writing
book book
interrupted interrupted
years year
Martin Martin
returned returned
Hollywood Hollywood
produce produce
TV TV
series series
Doorways Doorways
ABC ABC
ordered ordered
eventually eventually
never never
aired aired
Martin Martin
resumed resumed
work work
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
selling selling
novel novel
part part
trilogy trilogy
agent agent
novels novel
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
following following
Shortly Shortly
afterwards afterwards
still still
writing writing
novel novel
felt felt
series series
needed needed
four four
eventually eventually
six six
books book
imagined imagined
two two
linked linked
trilogies trilogy
one one
long long
story story
Martin Martin
likes like
ambiguous ambiguous
fiction fiction
titles title
feels feel
enrich enrich
writing writing
chose chose
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
overall overall
series series
title title
Martin Martin
saw saw
struggle struggle
cold cold
Others Others
fiery fiery
dragons dragon
one one
possible possible
meaning meaning
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
whereas whereas
word word
song song
previously previously
appeared appeared
Martins Martins
book book
titles title
Song Song
Lya Lya
Songs Songs
Dead Dead
Men Men
Sing Sing
stemming stemming
obsessions obsession
songs song
finished finished
manuscript manuscript
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
pages page
long long
without without
appendices appendix
publication publication
following following
August August
Wheel Wheel
Time Time
author author
Robert Robert
Jordan Jordan
written written
short short
endorsement endorsement
cover cover
influential influential
ensuring ensuring
books book
hence hence
series series
early early
success success
fantasy fantasy
readers reader
Released Released
prerelease prerelease
publicity publicity
sample sample
novella novella
called called
Blood Blood
Dragon Dragon
went went
win win
Hugo Hugo
Award Award
Best Best
Novella Novella
second second
book book
called called
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
released released
February February
United United
States States
manuscript manuscript
length length
without without
appendices appendix
pages page
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
first first
book book
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
series series
make make
bestseller bestseller
lists list
reaching reaching
New New
York York
Times Times
Best Best
Seller Seller
list list
success success
Lord Lord
Rings Rings
film film
series series
Martin Martin
received received
first first
inquiries inquiry
rights right
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
series series
various various
producers producer
filmmakers filmmaker
Martin Martin
several several
months month
late late
turning turning
third third
book book
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
last last
chapter chapter
written written
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
scene scene
notable notable
violence violence
twothirds twothirds
book book
see see
Themes Themes
Violence Violence
death death
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
pages page
manuscript manuscript
without without
appendices appendix
causing causing
problems problem
many many
Martins Martins
publishers publisher
around around
world world
Bantam Bantam
Books Books
published published
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
single single
volume volume
United United
States States
November November
whereas whereas
otherlanguage otherlanguage
editions edition
divided divided
two two
three three
even even
four four
volumes volume
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
debuted debuted
number number
New New
York York
Times Times
bestseller bestseller
list list
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
Martin Martin
originally originally
intended intended
write write
three three
books book
fourth fourth
book book
tentatively tentatively
titled titled
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
focus focus
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryens Targaryens
return return
Westeros Westeros
conflicts conflict
creates creates
Martin Martin
wanted wanted
set set
story story
five five
years year
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
younger younger
characters character
could could
grow grow
older older
dragons dragon
grow grow
larger larger
Agreeing Agreeing
publishers publisher
early early
new new
book book
shorter shorter
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
Martin Martin
set set
write write
novel novel
closer closer
length length
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
long long
prologue prologue
establish establish
happened happened
meantime meantime
initially initially
one one
chapter chapter
Aeron Aeron
Damphair Damphair
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
kingsmoot kingsmoot
Since Since
events event
Dorne Dorne
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
impact impact
book book
Martin Martin
eventually eventually
expanded expanded
kingsmoot kingsmoot
events event
told told
three three
new new
viewpoints viewpoint
since since
existing existing
POV POV
characters character
present present
Dorne Dorne
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Martin Martin
still still
optimistic optimistic
fourth fourth
installment installment
might might
released released
last last
quarter quarter
However However
fiveyear fiveyear
gap gap
work work
characters character
writing writing
one one
hand hand
Martin Martin
unsatisfied unsatisfied
covering covering
events event
gap gap
solely solely
flashbacks flashback
internal internal
retrospection retrospection
hand hand
implausible implausible
nothing nothing
happening happening
five five
years year
working working
book book
year year
Martin Martin
realized realized
needed needed
additional additional
interim interim
book book
called called
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
book book
would would
pick pick
story story
immediately immediately
third third
book book
Martin Martin
scrapped scrapped
idea idea
fiveyear fiveyear
gap gap
material material
page page
prologue prologue
beginning beginning
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
mixed mixed
new new
viewpoint viewpoint
characters character
Dorne Dorne
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
expanded expanded
storylines storyline
affected affected
others others
plot plot
became became
much much
complicated complicated
Martin Martin
manuscript manuscript
length length
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
eventually eventually
surpassed surpassed
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
Martin Martin
reluctant reluctant
make make
necessary necessary
deep deep
cuts cut
get get
book book
publishable publishable
length length
would would
compromised compromised
story story
mind mind
Printing Printing
book book
microtype microtype
onion onion
skin skin
paper paper
giving giving
reader reader
magnifying magnifying
glass glass
also also
option option
hand hand
Martin Martin
rejected rejected
publishers publisher
idea idea
splitting splitting
narrative narrative
chronologically chronologically
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Parts Parts
One One
Two Two
already already
late late
book book
Martin Martin
even even
started started
writing writing
characters character
stories story
also also
objected objected
ending ending
first first
book book
without without
resolution resolution
many many
viewpoint viewpoint
characters character
respective respective
stories story
previous previous
books book
Since Since
characters character
spread spread
across across
world world
friend friend
Martin Martin
suggested suggested
divide divide
story story
geographically geographically
two two
volumes volume
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
would would
first first
Splitting Splitting
story story
way way
would would
give give
Martin Martin
room room
complete complete
commenced commenced
story story
arcs arc
originally originally
intended intended
still still
felt felt
best best
approach approach
years year
later later
Martin Martin
moved moved
unfinished unfinished
characters character
stories story
set set
east east
Essos Essos
north north
Winterfell Winterfell
Wall Wall
next next
book book
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
left left
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
cover cover
events event
Westeros Westeros
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
riverlands riverlands
Dorne Dorne
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
books book
begin begin
immediately immediately
end end
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
running running
parallel parallel
instead instead
sequentially sequentially
involving involving
different different
casts cast
characters character
little little
overlap overlap
Martin Martin
split split
Aryas Aryas
chapters chapter
books book
already already
moved moved
three three
popular popular
characters character
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Tyrion Tyrion
Daenerys Daenerys
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Upon Upon
release release
October October
UK UK
November November
US US
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
went went
straight straight
top top
New New
York York
Times Times
bestseller bestseller
list list
Among Among
positive positive
reviewers reviewer
Lev Lev
Grossman Grossman
Time Time
dubbed dubbed
Martin Martin
American American
Tolkien Tolkien
However However
fans fan
critics critic
alike alike
disappointed disappointed
story story
split split
left left
fates fate
several several
popular popular
characters character
unresolved unresolved
previous previous
books book
cliffhanger cliffhanger
ending ending
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
said said
halffinished halffinished
Martin Martin
mentioned mentioned
epilogue epilogue
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
next next
volume volume
would would
released released
next next
year year
However However
planned planned
release release
dates date
repeatedly repeatedly
pushed pushed
back back
Meanwhile Meanwhile
HBO HBO
acquired acquired
rights right
turn turn
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
dramatic dramatic
series series
aired aired
first first
ten ten
episodes episode
covering covering
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
April April
around around
pages page
manuscript manuscript
length length
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
eventually eventually
published published
July July
six six
years year
writing writing
longer longer
page page
count count
writing writing
time time
preceding preceding
four four
novels novel
story story
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
catches catch
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
around around
two two
thirds third
book book
going going
Feast Feast
covered covered
less le
story story
Martin Martin
intended intended
omitting omitting
least least
one one
planned planned
large large
battle battle
sequence sequence
leaving leaving
several several
character character
threads thread
ending ending
cliffhangers cliffhanger
Martin Martin
attributed attributed
delay delay
mainly mainly
untangling untangling
Meereenese Meereenese
knot knot
interviewer interviewer
understood understood
making making
chronology chronology
characters character
mesh mesh
various various
threads thread
converged converged
Daenerys Daenerys
Martin Martin
also also
acknowledged acknowledged
spending spending
much much
time time
rewriting rewriting
perfecting perfecting
story story
soundly soundly
rejected rejected
theories theory
extravagant extravagant
critics critic
lost lost
interest interest
series series
would would
bide bide
time time
make make
money money
sixth sixth
book book
going going
called called
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
taking taking
title title
originally originally
planned planned
fifth fifth
book book
June June
Martin Martin
already already
finished finished
four four
chapters chapter
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
viewpoints viewpoint
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
middle middle
also also
moved moved
finished finished
Aeron Aeron
Damphair Damphair
POV POV
chapter chapter
unpublished unpublished
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
next next
book book
publication publication
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
around around
pages page
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
completed completed
book book
tour tour
several several
conventions convention
intended intended
continue continue
work work
longoverdue longoverdue
World World
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
history history
genealogy genealogy
Westeros Westeros
wanted wanted
finished finished
end end
also also
intended intended
work work
new new
Tales Tales
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
novella novella
appear appear
anthology anthology
called called
Dangerous Dangerous
Women Women
January January
announced announced
story story
delayed delayed
instead instead
replaced replaced
Princess Princess
Queen Queen
recounting recounting
events event
leading leading
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
released released
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
POV POV
sample sample
chapter chapter
website website
December December
Martin Martin
promised promised
release release
second second
chapter chapter
back back
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
paperback paperback
edition edition
Martin Martin
hopes hope
finish finish
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
much much
faster faster
fifth fifth
book book
gotten gotten
trouble trouble
fans fan
repeatedly repeatedly
estimating estimating
publication publication
dates date
optimistically optimistically
Martin Martin
refrains refrain
making making
absolute absolute
estimates estimate
book book
six six
realistic realistic
estimation estimation
finishing finishing
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
might might
three three
years year
good good
pace pace
ultimately ultimately
book book
done done
done done
Martin Martin
intend intend
separate separate
characters character
geographically geographically
acknowledged acknowledged
Three Three
years year
Im Im
sitting sitting
pages page
manuscript manuscript
end end
sight sight
hell hell
knows know
Displeased Displeased
provisional provisional
title title
Time Time
Wolves Wolves
final final
volume volume
Martin Martin
ultimately ultimately
announced announced
Dream Dream
Spring Spring
title title
seventh seventh
book book
Martin Martin
firm firm
ending ending
series series
seventh seventh
novel novel
decide decide
firm firm
leaving leaving
open open
possibility possibility
eighth eighth
book book
finish finish
series series
goal goal
tell tell
story story
beginning beginning
end end
truncate truncate
story story
fit fit
arbitrary arbitrary
number number
volumes volume
Martin Martin
confident confident
published published
remaining remaining
books book
TV TV
series series
overtakes overtakes
although although
told told
major major
plot plot
points point
two two
main main
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
producers producer
case case
die die
Aged Aged
Martin Martin
accounts account
robust robust
health health
However However
Martin Martin
indicated indicated
would would
permit permit
another another
writer writer
finish finish
series series
knows know
ending ending
broad broad
strokes stroke
well well
future future
main main
characters character
bittersweet bittersweet
elements element
everyone everyone
live live
happily happily
ever ever
Martin Martin
hopes hope
write write
ending ending
similar similar
Lord Lord
Rings Rings
felt felt
gave gave
story story
satisfying satisfying
depth depth
resonance resonance
hand hand
Martin Martin
noted noted
challenge challenge
avoid avoid
situation situation
like like
finale finale
Lost Lost
left left
fans fan
disappointed disappointed
deviating deviating
theories theory
desires desire
Martin Martin
rule rule
additional additional
stories story
set set
Westeros Westeros
last last
book book
although although
unlikely unlikely
continue continue
vein vein
immediately immediately
fairly fairly
definite definite
returning returning
World World
Westeros Westeros
context context
standalone standalone
novels novel
created created
huge huge
world world
detail detail
Martin Martin
sees see
possibility possibility
stories story
tell tell
instead instead
direct direct
continuation continuation
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
would would
write write
stories story
characters character
periods period
history history
also also
wants want
finish finish
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
project project
see see
audience audience
follows follows
publishing publishing
next next
project project
would would
love love
return return
writing writing
short short
stories story
novellas novella
novelettes novelette
standalone standalone
novels novel
diverse diverse
genres genre
science science
fiction fiction
horror horror
fantasy fantasy
even even
murder murder
mystery mystery
Regarding Regarding
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
magnum magnum
opus opus
Martin Martin
certain certain
never never
write write
anything anything
scale scale
series series
series series
placed placed
number number
rated rated
series series
Internet Internet
Book Book
List List
since since
revision revision
rating rating
system system
October October
Additionally Additionally
individual individual
books book
number number
awards award
series series
basis basis
great great
number number
derived derived
works work
including including
HBO HBO
TV TV
series series
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
card card
game game
board board
game game
roleplaying roleplaying
game game
two two
video video
games game
development development
also also
inspired inspired
several several
musicians musician
upcoming upcoming
parody parody
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Unlike Unlike
J J
R R
R R
Tolkien Tolkien
provided provided
detailed detailed
instructions instruction
pronunciation pronunciation
languages language
Middleearth Middleearth
Martin Martin
provided provided
canonical canonical
way way
pronouncing pronouncing
Westerosi Westerosi
names name
stating stating
pronounce pronounce
however however
like like
However However
possible possible
establish establish
guidelines guideline
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
eldest eldest
son son
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Catelyn Catelyn
Tully Tully
heir heir
House House
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
north north
called called
Young Young
Wolf Wolf
friend friend
foe foe
alike alike
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
played played
Richard Richard
Madden Madden
Robbs Robbs
appearance appearance
favors favor
Tully Tully
side side
stocky stocky
build build
blue blue
eyes eye
thick thick
redbrown redbrown
hair hair
strong strong
fast fast
opens open
series series
boy boy
fourteen fourteen
years year
Robb Robb
wears wear
surcoat surcoat
armor armor
carries carry
oak oak
shield shield
decorated decorated
direwolfs direwolfs
head head
Robb Robb
father father
Eddards Eddards
son son
keen keen
sense sense
justice justice
shares share
fathers father
devotion devotion
honor honor
frequently frequently
accompanied accompanied
direwolf direwolf
Grey Grey
Wind Wind
Robb Robb
conceived conceived
first first
fortnight fortnight
marriage marriage
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Lady Lady
Catelyn Catelyn
Tully Tully
wedding wedding
night night
Riverrun Riverrun
according according
Catelyn Catelyn
Eddard Eddard
rode rode
south south
fight fight
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Catelyn Catelyn
remained remained
House House
Tullys Tullys
castle castle
Near Near
end end
war war
gave gave
birth birth
Riverrun Riverrun
aid aid
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
war war
ended ended
Catelyn Catelyn
travelled travelled
Winterfell Winterfell
Robb Robb
Robb Robb
raised raised
Winterfell Winterfell
fathers father
heir heir
closest closest
companions companion
halfbrother halfbrother
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Robb Robb
Jon Jon
trained trained
together together
arms arm
ever ever
since since
big big
enough enough
walk walk
played played
mighty mighty
knights knight
heroes hero
Robb Robb
Jon Jon
built built
great great
mountain mountain
snow snow
gate gate
spotted spotted
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
brother brother
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
accompanied accompanied
visiting visiting
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Qorgyle Qorgyle
Mance Mance
promised promised
tell tell
two two
boys boy
eventually eventually
dumped dumped
snow snow
Fat Fat
Tom Tom
slowest slowest
Lord Lord
Eddards Eddards
household household
guards guard
chased chased
around around
afterward afterward
Greyjoys Greyjoys
Rebellion Rebellion
AC AC
Eddard Eddard
brought brought
Winterfell Winterfell
hostage hostage
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
last last
surviving surviving
son son
Lord Lord
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Robb Robb
came came
befriend befriend
Theon Theon
enjoy enjoy
elder elder
boys boy
company company
Theon Theon
joined joined
Robb Robb
Jon Jon
training training
arms arm
Robb Robb
Theon Theon
trained trained
swordfighting swordfighting
staircases staircase
Winterfell Winterfell
Robb Robb
attends attends
execution execution
Gared Gared
discovers discovers
litter litter
six six
direwolf direwolf
pups pup
snow snow
claims claim
one one
direwolves direwolves
names name
Grey Grey
Wind Wind
Shortly Shortly
court court
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
arrives arrives
Winterfell Winterfell
Robb Robb
spars spar
crown crown
prince prince
Joffrey Joffrey
using using
wooden wooden
swords sword
Bad Bad
blood blood
develops develops
two two
Joffrey Joffrey
challenges challenge
Robb Robb
spar spar
live live
steel steel
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
Winterfells Winterfells
masteratarms masteratarms
allow allow
mockery mockery
chagrin chagrin
many many
present present
Lannister Lannister
retainers retainer
father father
Eddard Eddard
named named
Hand Hand
King King
Robert Robert
journeys journey
south south
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Robb Robb
remains remains
Winterfell Winterfell
rule rule
fathers father
stead stead
help help
mother mother
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
later later
travels travel
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
assassin assassin
tries try
kill kill
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
responsibility responsibility
Winterfell Winterfell
falls fall
solely solely
Robb Robb
Robb Robb
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
rescue rescue
crippled crippled
Bran Bran
wildlings wildlings
deserters deserter
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
wolfswood wolfswood
word word
Eddards Eddards
arrest arrest
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
treason treason
late late
king king
Roberts Roberts
successor successor
Joffrey Joffrey
reaches reach
Winterfell Winterfell
Robb Robb
calls call
Stark Stark
bannermen bannermen
war war
youth youth
experience experience
questioned questioned
fathers father
bannermen bannermen
Jon Jon
Umber Umber
manages manages
unite unite
behind behind
Robb Robb
marches march
south south
riverlands riverlands
motives motif
support support
mothers mother
house house
House House
Tully Tully
response response
invasion invasion
Lannisters Lannisters
westerlands westerlands
ultimate ultimate
goal goal
freeing freeing
Eddard Eddard
Robb Robb
resides resides
Gatehouse Gatehouse
Tower Tower
encamped encamped
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Bran Bran
remains remains
Winterfell Winterfell
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
Upon Upon
learning learning
Riverrun Riverrun
besieged besieged
host host
led led
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
whilst whilst
another another
force force
led led
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
approaches approach
south south
Robb Robb
splits split
forces force
sending sending
foot foot
command command
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
engage engage
Tywins Tywins
army army
crossing crossing
Green Green
Fork Fork
Twins Twins
majority majority
horse horse
goal goal
ride ride
lift lift
siege siege
Riverrun Riverrun
allowing allowing
crossing crossing
allegiance allegiance
Twins Twins
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
extracts extract
price price
marriage marriage
contract contract
ensuring ensuring
Robb Robb
marry marry
daughter daughter
house house
chosen chosen
war war
finished finished
Robb Robb
leads lead
horsemen horseman
Riverrun Riverrun
aided aided
counsel counsel
greatuncle greatuncle
Ser Ser
Brynden Brynden
Tully Tully
achieves achieves
complete complete
surprise surprise
ambushing ambushing
Jaimes Jaimes
army army
Whispering Whispering
Wood Wood
annihilating annihilating
Jaimes Jaimes
forces force
taking taking
Jaime Jaime
captive captive
Robb Robb
protected protected
company company
highborn highborn
warriors warrior
become become
friends friend
companions companion
Shortly Shortly
thereafter thereafter
Robb Robb
able able
lift lift
siege siege
Riverrun Riverrun
Battle Battle
Camps Camps
scattering scattering
Jaimes Jaimes
remaining remaining
forces force
forces force
Tywins Tywins
army army
scored scored
victory victory
Roose Roose
Boltons Boltons
foot foot
battle battle
Green Green
Fork Fork
retreat retreat
back back
Harrenhal Harrenhal
Upon Upon
Eddards Eddards
execution execution
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
command command
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
effectively effectively
ending ending
possibility possibility
peace peace
Stark Stark
Lannister Lannister
Robb Robb
crowned crowned
Riverrun Riverrun
bannermen bannermen
river river
lords lord
King King
North North
rivermen rivermen
later later
grant grant
title title
King King
Trident Trident
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
leaves leaf
Castle Castle
Black Black
help help
half half
brother brother
Robb Robb
Jons Jons
new new
brothers brother
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
convince convince
return return
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Riverruns Riverruns
smith smith
creates creates
Robb Robb
crown crown
inspired inspired
ancient ancient
crowns crown
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
bronze bronze
circlet circlet
depicts depicts
runes rune
First First
Men Men
decorated decorated
nine nine
black black
iron iron
spikes spike
shaped shaped
like like
longswords longswords
Remaining Remaining
idle idle
time time
Riverrun Riverrun
Robb Robb
sends sends
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
fought fought
Whispering Whispering
Wood Wood
Pyke Pyke
goal goal
securing securing
alliance alliance
father father
Lord Lord
Balon Balon
Lannisters Lannisters
exchange exchange
recognition recognition
independence independence
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Theon Theon
rebuffed rebuffed
outright outright
Balon Balon
responds responds
offer offer
peace peace
largescale largescale
invasion invasion
north north
Robb Robb
also also
sends sends
mother mother
Catelyn Catelyn
south south
treat treat
late late
King King
Roberts Roberts
youngest youngest
brother brother
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
crowned crowned
king king
Catelyn Catelyn
unable unable
secure secure
meaningful meaningful
treaty treaty
either either
Renly Renly
elder elder
brother brother
Stannis Stannis
besieged besieged
Renlys Renlys
seat seat
Storms Storms
End End
also also
declaring declaring
king king
Catelyn Catelyn
flees flees
back back
Riverrun Riverrun
witnessing witnessing
Renlys Renlys
assassination assassination
sent sent
Theon Theon
Catelyn Catelyn
ultimately ultimately
unsuccessful unsuccessful
missions mission
Robb Robb
heads head
west west
deal deal
Stafford Stafford
Lannisters Lannisters
host host
fully fully
trained trained
Catelyns Catelyns
brother brother
Ser Ser
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
holds hold
Riverrun Riverrun
guards guard
Robbs Robbs
rear rear
Bypassing Bypassing
Golden Golden
Tooth Tooth
using using
goat goat
track track
found found
Grey Grey
Wind Wind
Robb Robb
smashes smash
Staffords Staffords
host host
Battle Battle
Oxcross Oxcross
bannermen bannermen
plunder plunder
parts part
westerlands westerlands
captures capture
several several
castles castle
including including
Ashemark Ashemark
seat seat
House House
Marbrand Marbrand
Crag Crag
seat seat
House House
Westerling Westerling
Crag Crag
Robb Robb
suffers suffers
wound wound
tended tended
Jeyne Jeyne
Westerling Westerling
learns learns
small small
force force
led led
onetime onetime
friend friend
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
taken taken
Winterfell Winterfell
murdered murdered
younger younger
brothers brother
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
although although
two two
youths youth
actually actually
escaped escaped
Jeyne Jeyne
comforts comfort
Robb Robb
upon upon
hearing hearing
news news
leads lead
taking taking
maidenhood maidenhood
effort effort
preserve preserve
honor honor
Robb Robb
weds wed
immediately immediately
thereafter thereafter
Frey Frey
host host
accompanied accompanied
Robb Robb
westerlands westerlands
furious furious
withdraw withdraw
support support
Robb Robb
returns return
Riverrun Riverrun
new new
wife wife
tow tow
much much
mother mother
Catelyns Catelyns
horror horror
pledged pledged
wed wed
daughter daughter
House House
Frey Frey
slight slight
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
likely likely
overlook overlook
problems problem
await await
Robb Robb
Riverrun Riverrun
Ser Ser
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
acting acting
Lord Lord
Paramount Paramount
Trident Trident
whilst whilst
father father
Hoster Hoster
Tully Tully
lays lay
deathbed deathbed
met met
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
army army
attempted attempted
cross cross
Red Red
Fork Fork
ford ford
near near
Riverrun Riverrun
threw threw
back back
Battle Battle
Fords Fords
prevented prevented
Tywins Tywins
force force
approaching approaching
Robbs Robbs
rear rear
Robbs Robbs
plan plan
entangle entangle
Tywins Tywins
army army
chase chase
west west
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
marched marched
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
thrown thrown
back back
Riverrun Riverrun
allowed allowed
Tywins Tywins
force force
turn turn
around around
arrive arrive
capital capital
time time
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
turned turned
tide tide
battle battle
indeed indeed
war war
House House
Lannisters Lannisters
favor favor
problems problem
every every
side side
Robb Robb
seems seems
take take
solace solace
company company
Westerlings Westerlings
loving loving
wife wife
Jeyne Jeyne
brother brother
Ser Ser
Raynald Raynald
bannerbearer bannerbearer
younger younger
brother brother
Robbs Robbs
new new
squire squire
Rollam Rollam
others others
solemn solemn
King King
North North
Additionally Additionally
Robb Robb
learns learns
grief grief
supposed supposed
murder murder
two two
sons son
Catelyn Catelyn
released released
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
captivity captivity
entrusted entrusted
mission mission
return return
daughters daughter
Sansa Sansa
Arya Arya
possible possible
earns earns
enmity enmity
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
Karstark Karstark
Jaime Jaime
slain slain
two two
Rickards Rickards
sons son
Whispering Whispering
Wood Wood
Rickard Rickard
requires requires
vengeance vengeance
deaths death
response response
Jaimes Jaimes
release release
Lord Lord
Karstark Karstark
sends sends
horsemen horseman
search search
countryside countryside
Jaime Jaime
leads lead
small small
group group
murdering murdering
two two
prisoners prisoner
Tion Tion
Frey Frey
Willem Willem
Lannister Lannister
tower tower
Riverrun Riverrun
crime crime
Robb Robb
sentences sentence
death death
beheads beheads
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
death death
Hoster Hoster
Tully Tully
Robb Robb
intends intends
return return
north north
reclaim reclaim
territory territory
much much
conquered conquered
ironborn ironborn
avenge avenge
deaths death
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Aware Aware
slighted slighted
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
marriage marriage
Jeyne Jeyne
Westerling Westerling
Robb Robb
suggests suggests
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
wed wed
one one
Lord Lord
Walders Walders
daughters daughter
stead stead
proposal proposal
Edmure Edmure
reluctantly reluctantly
agrees agrees
Leaving Leaving
Jeyne Jeyne
behind behind
Riverrun Riverrun
Robb Robb
takes take
host host
north north
toward toward
Twins Twins
Edmure Edmure
marry marry
Lord Lord
Walders Walders
daughter daughter
Roslin Roslin
believes belief
brothers brother
dead dead
Arya Arya
lost lost
fearing fearing
laws law
succession succession
die die
without without
issue issue
Winterfell Winterfell
north north
would would
go go
Sansas Sansas
new new
husband husband
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
Robb Robb
discusses discus
matter matter
succession succession
mother mother
chagrin chagrin
suggests suggests
die die
bastard bastard
halfbrother halfbrother
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
succeed succeed
Hags Hags
Mire Mire
Robb Robb
sends sends
Maege Maege
Mormont Mormont
Galbart Galbart
Glover Glover
north north
Howland Howland
Reed Reed
Greywater Greywater
Watch Watch
procure procure
guides guide
enable enable
Robb Robb
attack attack
ironborn ironborn
unawares unawares
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Robb Robb
provides provides
letters letter
containing containing
false false
orders order
order order
protect protect
Maege Maege
Galbart Galbart
captured captured
Robb Robb
small small
group group
supporters supporter
Catelyn Catelyn
Edmure Edmure
Maege Maege
Galbart Galbart
Jason Jason
Mallister Mallister
Greatjon Greatjon
Umber Umber
witness witness
choice choice
successor successor
according according
semicanon semicanon
source source
legitimized legitimized
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Grey Grey
Wind Wind
aggressive aggressive
toward toward
Freys Freys
Robb Robb
arrives arrives
Twins Twins
direwolf direwolf
penned penned
Robb Robb
apologizes apologizes
Lord Lord
Frey Frey
receives receives
salt salt
bread bread
Despite Despite
guest guest
right right
Walder Walder
betrays betrays
Robb Robb
feast feast
wedding wedding
Roslin Roslin
Edmure Edmure
later later
known known
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Robbs Robbs
companions companion
men men
murdered murdered
Freys Freys
furclad furclad
northmen northman
sellswords sellswords
disguised disguised
musicians musician
Catelyn Catelyn
watches watch
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
deliver deliver
final final
blow blow
son son
stabbing stabbing
heart heart
Driven Driven
mad mad
despair despair
Catelyn Catelyn
murders murder
Walders Walders
lackwit lackwit
grandson grandson
Jinglebell Jinglebell
killed killed
shortly shortly
thereafter thereafter
Grey Grey
Wind Wind
chained chained
placate placate
Freys Freys
also also
slain slain
via via
crossbow crossbow
bolts bolt
head head
removed removed
sewn sewn
onto onto
Robbs Robbs
body body
final final
insult insult
King King
North North
Frey Frey
envoys envoy
White White
Harbor Harbor
tell tell
Mermans Mermans
Court Court
Robb Robb
turned turned
wolf wolf
slew slew
knights knight
Wendel Wendel
Manderly Manderly
Tytos Tytos
Frey Frey
Garse Garse
Goodbrook Goodbrook
Wendels Wendels
father father
Lord Lord
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
later later
assures assures
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
believe believe
Frey Frey
lies lie
Wyman Wyman
tasks task
Davos Davos
finding finding
Robbs Robbs
youngest youngest
brother brother
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
Robb Robb
cant cant
release release
Kingslayer Kingslayer
even even
wanted wanted
lords lord
would would
never never
abide abide
Catelyn Catelyn
lords lord
made made
king king
Love Love
’ ’
s s
always always
wise wise
I I
’ ’
ve ve
learned learned
lead lead
us u
great great
folly folly
follow follow
hearts heart
wherever wherever
take take
usI usI
’ ’
ve ve
made made
botch botch
everything everything
battles battle
haven haven
’ ’
t t
thought thought
battles battle
would would
hard hard
part part
listened listened
kept kept
Theon Theon
hostage hostage
I I
’ ’
d d
still still
rule rule
north north
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
would would
alive alive
safe safe
WinterfellRobb WinterfellRobb
Greatjon Greatjon
keep keep
Lord Lord
Karstark Karstark
till till
return return
hang hang
seven seven
Greatjon Greatjon
Even Even
dead dead
ones one
Robb Robb
Yes Yes
fouling fouling
lord lord
uncle uncle
’ ’
s s
rivers river
Let Let
feed feed
crows crow
Captive Captive
Mercy Mercy
sire sire
killed killed
one one
stood stood
door door
watch watch
guards guard
Robb Robb
know know
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
intended intended
see see
knives knife
drawn drawn
hear hear
shouts shout
screams scream
cries cry
mercy mercy
Captive Captive
Aye Aye
took took
part part
watcher watcher
swear swear
Brynden Brynden
know know
certainty certainty
make make
young young
Karstark Karstark
enemy enemy
Robb Robb
else else
would would
kill kill
father father
he he
’ ’
s s
like like
thank thank
Brynden Brynden
might might
sons son
hate hate
fathers father
stroke stroke
make make
Lord Lord
Karhold Karhold
Gods Gods
good good
would would
man man
ever ever
want want
king king
everyone everyone
shouting shouting
King King
North North
King King
North North
told told
swore swore
would would
good good
king king
honorable honorable
Father Father
strong strong
loyal loyal
friends friend
brave brave
faced faced
enemies enemy
can can
’ ’
t t
even even
tell tell
one one
get get
confused confused
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
’ ’
s s
fought fought
side side
half half
dozen dozen
battles battle
sons son
died died
Whispering Whispering
Wood Wood
Tion Tion
Frey Frey
Willem Willem
Lannister Lannister
enemies enemy
Yet Yet
kill kill
dead dead
friends friend
’ ’
father father
sakesI sakesI
every every
battle battle
yet yet
somehow somehow
Im Im
losing losing
warCatelyn warCatelyn
would would
first first
king king
bend bend
knee knee
even even
first first
Stark Stark
Robb Robb
Never Never
Catelyn Catelyn
shame shame
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
bent bent
knee knee
Robert Robert
rebellion rebellion
failed failed
Torrhen Torrhen
Stark Stark
bent bent
knee knee
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
rather rather
see see
army army
face face
fires fire
keep keep
treasures treasure
one one
purse purse
make make
easier easier
would would
rob rob
youNo youNo
sword sword
strong strong
it it
’ ’
s s
tempered tempered
Stark Stark
boy boy
child child
doubt doubt
likes like
sound sound
warhorns warhorns
well well
enough enough
sight sight
banners banner
fluttering fluttering
wind wind
end end
comes come
butcher butcher
’ ’
s s
work work
doubt doubt
stomach stomach
itVarys itVarys
Cersei Cersei
frightened frightened
lord lord
enemies enemy
fears fear
even even
beloved beloved
Jaime Jaime
fighting fighting
river river
lords lord
even even
Lysa Lysa
Arryn Arryn
sits sits
Eyrie Eyrie
ringed ringed
stone stone
steel steel
love love
lost lost
queen queen
Dorne Dorne
Martells Martells
still still
brood brood
murder murder
Princess Princess
Elia Elia
babes babe
son son
marches march
Neck Neck
northern northern
host host
back back
Eddard Eddard
Robb Robb
boy boy
sits sits
king king
mean mean
bow bow
knee knee
m m
’ ’
lords lord
King King
NorthHe NorthHe
boy boy
longer longer
realized realized
pang pang
sixteen sixteen
man man
grown grown
look look
War War
melted melted
softness softness
face face
left left
hard hard
leanRobb leanRobb
Stark Stark
battles battle
year year
Lord Lord
Highgarden Highgarden
twentyThe twentyThe
Young Young
Wolf Wolf
remains remains
unbeaten unbeaten
fieldYes fieldYes
Lord Lord
Umber Umber
leave leave
king king
means mean
give give
scolding scolding
forgives forgives
That That
’ ’
s s
deals deal
treason treason
King King
North North
call call
King King
Lost Lost
North North
GraceIf GraceIf
fall fall
woman woman
’ ’
s s
arms arm
son son
couldn couldn
’ ’
t t
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
’ ’
sTyrion sTyrion
foreswore foreswore
shamed shamed
ally ally
betrayed betrayed
solemn solemn
promise promise
honor honor
Kevan Kevan
chose chose
girl girl
’ ’
s s
honor honor
deflowered deflowered
courseHe courseHe
war war
battlefield battlefield
lost lost
bedchamberMore bedchamberMore
beast beast
boy boy
one one
puffed puffed
pride pride
bloodlust bloodlust
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
betrayed betrayed
us u
abandoned abandoned
north north
cruel cruel
mercies mercy
ironmen ironman
carve carve
fairer fairer
kingdom kingdom
along along
Trident Trident
abandoned abandoned
riverlords riverlords
risked risked
much much
breaking breaking
marriage marriage
pact pact
grandfather grandfather
wed wed
first first
western western
wench wench
caught caught
eye eye
Young Young
Wolf Wolf
vile vile
dog dog
died died
like like
oneRobb oneRobb
brother brother
Theon Theon
son son
born born
Balon Balon
Greyjoys Greyjoys
loins loin
Murdered Murdered
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
butchered butchered
Freys Freys
died died
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
House House
Stark Stark
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
House House
Stark Stark
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
Lord Lord
Crossing Crossing
head head
House House
Frey Frey
Though Though
almost almost
ninety ninety
years year
old old
infirm infirm
still still
maintains maintains
active active
hand hand
running running
house house
Twins Twins
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
played played
David David
Bradley Bradley
Walder Walder
become become
famous famous
siring siring
many many
children child
surviving surviving
many many
wives wife
marry marry
eighth eighth
wife wife
hundred hundred
descendants descendant
base base
trueborn trueborn
Walder Walder
twentytwo twentytwo
trueborn trueborn
sons son
seven seven
trueborn trueborn
daughters daughter
marriages marriage
unknown unknown
number number
bastard bastard
sons son
daughters daughter
places place
great great
emphasis emphasis
family family
loyalty loyalty
though though
descendants descendant
jockey jockey
ruthlessly ruthlessly
favor favor
Many Many
Freys Freys
name name
sons son
Walder Walder
daughters daughter
Walda Walda
hoping hoping
lord lord
favor favor
young young
child child
Walder Walder
chinless chinless
snotnosed snotnosed
high high
shrill shrill
hiccup hiccup
laugh laugh
age age
ninety ninety
Walder Walder
turned turned
bald bald
head head
spotted spotted
age age
looks look
little little
like like
vulture vulture
mostly mostly
like like
weasel weasel
Many Many
descendants descendant
inherited inherited
weasellike weasellike
look look
Walders Walders
shoulders shoulder
scrawny scrawny
long long
neck neck
pink pink
receding receding
chin chin
loose loose
skin skin
dangles dangles
runny runny
clouded clouded
eyes eye
toothless toothless
mouth mouth
constantly constantly
moves move
Walder Walder
troubled troubled
gout gout
longer longer
stand stand
without without
assistance assistance
Walder Walder
always always
irascible irascible
sharp sharp
tongue tongue
blunt blunt
manner manner
increased increased
age age
cautious cautious
man man
also also
ambitious ambitious
one one
known known
give give
aid aid
winning winning
cause cause
peevish peevish
illtempered illtempered
envious envious
prideful prideful
long long
memory memory
brood brood
long long
every every
slight slight
ever ever
suffered suffered
Walder Walder
prickly prickly
manner manner
take take
insult insult
smallest smallest
things thing
considered considered
untrustworthy untrustworthy
liege liege
lord lord
Hoster Hoster
Tully Tully
toddler toddler
Walder Walder
present present
wedding wedding
elder elder
sister sister
Lord Lord
Ambrose Ambrose
Butterwell Butterwell
WhitewallsN WhitewallsN
said said
caused caused
marriage marriage
discovered discovered
sister sister
intimate intimate
relations relation
servant servant
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
thought thought
Walder Walder
extremely extremely
annoying annoying
child child
sorely sorely
tempted tempted
throw throw
well well
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Lannister Lannister
acquiesced acquiesced
Walders Walders
proposal proposal
marry marry
second second
son son
Emmon Emmon
Tytoss Tytoss
daughter daughter
Genna Genna
tenyearold tenyearold
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
spoke spoke
match match
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Walder Walder
levies levy
arrived arrived
Battle Battle
Trident Trident
rebels rebel
already already
Hoster Hoster
Tully Tully
Lord Lord
Paramount Paramount
Trident Trident
since since
called called
bannerman bannerman
Late Late
Lord Lord
Frey Frey
name name
Walder Walder
despises despises
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
refused refused
foster foster
Walders Walders
grandsons grandson
court court
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
son son
Robert Robert
Arryn Arryn
Twins Twins
Lord Lord
Hoster Hoster
Tully Tully
refused refused
Frey Frey
bride bride
son son
Edmure Edmure
Hoster Hoster
attend attend
Walders Walders
wedding wedding
seventh seventh
wife wife
Annara Annara
Farring Farring
crossroads crossroad
inn inn
Frey Frey
captain captain
tells tell
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
remarry remarry
ninetieth ninetieth
name name
day day
Catelyns Catelyns
father father
Lord Lord
Hoster Hoster
Tully Tully
politely politely
declines decline
attend attend
Walders Walders
wedding wedding
Joyeuse Joyeuse
Erenford Erenford
however however
Catelyn Catelyn
abducts abducts
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
Frey Frey
contingent contingent
crossroads crossroad
report report
back back
Walder Walder
Walder Walder
slow slow
answering answering
House House
Tullys Tullys
summons summons
Ser Ser
Edmure Edmure
calls call
banners banner
Aside Aside
skirmishing skirmishing
Ser Ser
Addam Addam
Marbrands Marbrands
Lannister Lannister
outriders outrider
Freys Freys
mass mass
strength strength
within within
Twins Twins
Edmure Edmure
defeated defeated
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Riverrun Riverrun
Walder Walder
gathers gather
forces force
use use
Twins Twins
becomes becomes
strategic strategic
necessity necessity
host host
Catelyns Catelyns
son son
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Walder Walder
negotiates negotiates
marriage marriage
contracts contract
Catelyn Catelyn
Robb Robb
marry marry
one one
Walders Walders
daughters daughter
peace peace
sister sister
Arya Arya
betrothed betrothed
Walders Walders
youngest youngest
son son
Elmar Elmar
addition addition
two two
Lord Lord
Freys Freys
grandsons grandson
Little Little
Walder Walder
Big Big
Walder Walder
sent sent
Winterfell Winterfell
wards ward
one one
sons son
Olyvar Olyvar
made made
squire squire
Robb Robb
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
Walders Walders
son son
heir heir
Ser Ser
Stevron Stevron
Frey Frey
dies dy
Battle Battle
Oxcross Oxcross
fought fought
bravely bravely
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
new new
King King
North North
King King
Trident Trident
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
marries marries
one one
Walders Walders
granddaughters granddaughter
Walda Walda
Frey Frey
Walder Walder
promised promised
Roose Roose
pay pay
daughters daughter
weight weight
silver silver
dowry dowry
Roose Roose
chose chose
fattest fattest
one one
Word Word
eventually eventually
reaches reach
Twins Twins
Robb Robb
Starks Starks
marriage marriage
Jeyne Jeyne
Westerling Westerling
instead instead
Frey Frey
promised promised
Ser Ser
Ryman Ryman
Frey Frey
Lord Lord
Walders Walders
new new
heir heir
withdraws withdraws
House House
Freys Freys
support support
king king
outrage outrage
Walder Walder
sends sends
son son
Lame Lame
Lothar Lothar
Riverrun Riverrun
negotiate negotiate
rapprochement rapprochement
Robb Robb
many many
key key
bannermen bannermen
return return
Twins Twins
guest guest
right right
make make
amends amends
marry marry
Lord Lord
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
Walders Walders
daughter daughter
Roslin Roslin
wedding wedding
feast feast
however however
Frey Frey
Bolton Bolton
men men
ambush ambush
Robb Robb
entire entire
host host
slaughtering slaughtering
King King
Robb Robb
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
many many
bannermen bannermen
significant significant
portion portion
northern northern
army army
Walder Walder
secretly secretly
colluded colluded
Lords Lords
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
betray betray
Starks Starks
Tullys Tullys
becomes becomes
known known
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Walder Walder
swears swears
loyalty loyalty
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Walders Walders
second second
son son
Emmon Emmon
receiving receiving
Riverrun Riverrun
lands land
reward reward
According According
one one
sons son
Merrett Merrett
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
long long
world world
dies dy
every every
Frey Frey
Walder Walder
though though
tyrant tyrant
believes belief
taking taking
care care
even even
ones one
disappoint disappoint
Stevron Stevron
heir heir
different different
raised raised
Walder Walder
believe believe
blood blood
blood blood
sons son
grandsons grandson
new new
heirs heir
feel feel
way way
Merrett Merrett
Petyr Petyr
Frey Frey
hanged hanged
outlaws outlaw
brotherhood brotherhood
without without
banners banner
Oldstones Oldstones
Walders Walders
new new
wife wife
Joyeuse Joyeuse
pregnant pregnant
Ser Ser
Daven Daven
Lannister Lannister
promised promised
Frey Frey
according according
agreement agreement
negotiated negotiated
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
death death
Ser Ser
Lancel Lancel
Lannister Lannister
betrothed betrothed
Walders Walders
granddaughter granddaughter
Amerei Amerei
Walder Walder
sends sends
raven raven
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
putting putting
forth forth
several several
claims claim
land land
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
reviled reviled
sparrows sparrow
small small
council council
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
suggests suggests
Walders Walders
eventual eventual
successor successor
could could
name name
culprits culprit
thereby thereby
rid rid
rivals rival
Elder Elder
Brother Brother
Quiet Quiet
Isle Isle
says say
Lord Lord
Frey Frey
hunting hunting
outlaws outlaw
Twins Twins
returning returning
Twins Twins
siege siege
Riverrun Riverrun
Walders Walders
new new
heir heir
Ryman Ryman
hanged hanged
presumably presumably
brotherhood brotherhood
without without
banners banner
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
tasks task
Walder Walder
Rivers Rivers
informing informing
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
King King
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
requires requires
captives captive
taken taken
Freys Freys
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Walder Walder
agrees agrees
marriage marriage
pact pact
Lord Lord
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
betrothing betrothing
two two
Walders Walders
grandsons grandson
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Little Little
Walder Walder
Wymans Wymans
granddaughters granddaughter
Wynafryd Wynafryd
Wylla Wylla
Walder Walder
sends sends
least least
Frey Frey
soldiers soldier
command command
two two
sons son
Ser Ser
Aenys Aenys
Ser Ser
Hosteen Hosteen
Lord Lord
Bolton Bolton
new new
Warden Warden
North North
returns return
north north
Rhaegar Rhaegar
two two
Walders Walders
sons son
Jared Jared
Symond Symond
vanish vanish
leaving leaving
White White
Harbor Harbor
Little Little
Walder Walder
found found
slain slain
Winterfell Winterfell
bastards bastard
presume presume
teach teach
courtesy courtesy
Ill Ill
speak speak
way way
like like
damn damn
Ive Ive
three three
kings king
guest guest
life life
queens queen
well well
think think
require require
lessons lesson
likes like
Ryger Ryger
mother mother
milking milking
goats goat
first first
time time
gave gave
seedCatelyn seedCatelyn
might might
expected expected
find find
lord lord
still still
fathers father
bannerman bannerman
Walder Walder
Heh Heh
called called
swords sword
yes yes
saw saw
walls wall
intent intent
march march
soon soon
strength strength
assembled assembled
Well Well
send send
sons son
well well
past past
marching marching
Lady Lady
Catelyn Catelyn
Tell Tell
Jared Jared
Tell Tell
intent intent
Jared Jared
lady lady
honor honor
Catelyn Catelyn
strong strong
enough enough
climb climb
battlements battlement
Lord Lord
Frey Frey
would would
see see
son son
twenty twenty
thousand thousand
men men
outside outside
walls wall
Walder Walder
Theyll Theyll
twenty twenty
thousand thousand
fresh fresh
corpses corps
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
gets get
dont dont
try try
frighten frighten
lady lady
husbands husband
traitors traitor
cell cell
Red Red
Keep Keep
fathers father
sick sick
might might
dying dying
Jaime Jaime
Lannisters Lannisters
got got
brother brother
chains chain
fear fear
son son
Ill Ill
match match
son son
son son
Ill Ill
still still
eighteen eighteen
deadDo deadDo
think think
cant cant
tell tell
Lord Lord
Stannis Stannis
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Theyre Theyre
bungholes bunghole
think think
theyre theyre
noble noble
shit shit
never never
mind mind
know know
differenceWalder differenceWalder
forgive forgive
kneel kneel
know know
legs leg
longer longer
work work
though though
hangs hang
em em
serves serf
well well
enough enough
heh heh
would would
say say
poor poor
king king
crowns crown
bronze bronze
Grace Grace
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Bronze Bronze
iron iron
stronger stronger
gold gold
silver silver
old old
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
wore wore
swordcrown swordcrown
Heh Heh
King King
North North
arises arises
Seems Seems
killed killed
men men
Grace Grace
Oh Oh
Ill Ill
make make
apology apology
mend mend
hehLord hehLord
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
might might
sworn sworn
Riverrun Riverrun
cautious cautious
man man
lived lived
long long
time time
making making
certain certain
always always
winning winning
side side
thoughts thought
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
bore bore
Walder Walder
Freys Freys
seal seal
beyond beyond
doubt doubt
Catelyn Catelyn
thought thought
bitterly bitterly
hold hold
back back
wait wait
watch watch
take take
risk risk
unless unless
forced forced
thoughts thought
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
Robett Robett
think think
means mean
betray betray
us u
Lannisters Lannisters
lady lady
Catelyn Catelyn
old old
mans man
caution caution
young young
mans man
ambition ambition
never never
lacked lacked
cunning cunning
Robett Robett
Glover Glover
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
father father
said said
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
lord lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
could could
field field
army army
breeches breech
thoughts thought
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
something something
vulture vulture
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
rather rather
weasel weasel
thoughts thought
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
barbed barbed
words word
unseemly unseemly
gloating gloating
thats thats
courtesy courtesy
expected expected
old old
weasel weasel
piss piss
wine wine
make make
us u
praise praise
vintage vintage
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
Tyrion Tyrion
much much
guest guest
right right
Tywin Tywin
blood blood
Walder Walder
Freys Freys
hands hand
mine mine
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
must must
soon soon
face face
Fathers Fathers
judgment judgment
old old
Let Let
sparrows sparrow
spit spit
upon upon
memory memory
nought nought
us u
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
small small
council council
Walder Walder
outlived outlived
seven seven
wives wife
currently currently
married married
eighth eighth
wife wife
hundred hundred
descendants descendant
trueborn trueborn
baseborn baseborn
twentytwo twentytwo
trueborn trueborn
sons son
seven seven
trueborn trueborn
daughters daughter
marriages marriage
unknown unknown
number number
bastard bastard
sons son
daughters daughter
Descendants Descendants
first first
son son
Stevron Stevron
Frey Frey
Descendants Descendants
second second
son son
Emmon Emmon
Frey Frey
Descendants Descendants
third third
son son
Aenys Aenys
Frey Frey
daughter daughter
Perriane Perriane
Frey Frey
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
reign reign
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
personal personal
arms arm
green green
shooting shooting
star star
elm elm
tree tree
proper proper
sunset sunset
also also
briefly briefly
used used
sigil sigil
unknown unknown
knight knight
hanged hanged
man man
swinging swinging
grim grim
gray gray
beneath beneath
gallows gallows
tree tree
Raised Raised
Dunk Dunk
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
Duncan Duncan
became became
squire squire
hedge hedge
knight knight
Arlan Arlan
Pennytree Pennytree
Duncan Duncan
traveled traveled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
hedge hedge
knight knight
young young
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
called called
Egg Egg
squire squire
early early
exploits exploit
Dunk Dunk
Egg Egg
chronicled chronicled
Knight Knight
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
collects collect
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
Sworn Sworn
Sword Sword
Mystery Mystery
Knight Knight
Duncan Duncan
inch inch
shy shy
seven seven
feet foot
tall tall
thick thick
mass mass
sunstreaked sunstreaked
hair hair
events event
Standfast Standfast
AC AC
dagger dagger
scar scar
cheek cheek
Dunk Dunk
strong strong
quick quick
taught taught
jousting jousting
swordplay swordplay
Duncan Duncan
humble humble
personality personality
frequently frequently
thinks think
thickheaded thickheaded
recalling recalling
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
often often
said said
Dunk Dunk
lunk lunk
thick thick
castle castle
wall wall
referred referred
slow slow
aurochs aurochs
Duncans Duncans
earliest earliest
memories memory
living living
street street
urchin urchin
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
slums slum
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
closest closest
friends friend
went went
names name
Ferret Ferret
Rafe Rafe
Pudding Pudding
admission admission
little little
monsters monster
Duncan Duncan
time time
still still
known known
Dunk Dunk
worst worst
Sometimes Sometimes
would would
sell sell
even even
dump dump
pieces piece
meat meat
dubious dubious
origin origin
local local
pot pot
shops shop
made made
bowls bowl
brown brown
Duncan Duncan
orphan orphan
never never
knew knew
either either
parents parent
may may
bastard bastard
believed believed
father father
might might
criminal criminal
hoped hoped
someday someday
go go
north north
eventually eventually
Wall Wall
could could
perhaps perhaps
meet meet
tall tall
old old
man man
looked looked
like like
hedge hedge
knight knight
Arlan Arlan
Pennytree Pennytree
took took
Duncan Duncan
new new
squire squire
two two
yearsN yearsN
death death
previous previous
squire squire
Roger Roger
Pennytree Pennytree
final final
battle battle
First First
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
AC AC
found found
young young
Duncan Duncan
aged aged
five five
six six
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
chasing chasing
pig pig
took took
raised raised
Duncan Duncan
together together
traveled traveled
Westeros Westeros
except except
north north
Though Though
never never
visited visited
Pennytree Pennytree
Arlan Arlan
served served
Lord Lord
Leo Leo
Tyrell Tyrell
Highgarden Highgarden
one one
first first
years year
Duncan Duncan
served served
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
visited visited
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
AC AC
served served
Lord Lord
Florent Florent
half half
year year
joined joined
Lord Lord
Dondarrion Dondarrion
hunt hunt
Vulture Vulture
King King
AC AC
visited visited
Lannisport Lannisport
AC AC
amongst amongst
places place
well well
Duncan Duncan
accompanied accompanied
Arlan Arlan
one one
several several
knights knight
hired hired
Dornish Dornish
merchant merchant
wanted wanted
travel travel
Lannisport Lannisport
Princes Princes
Pass Pass
Dorne Dorne
Duncan Duncan
learned learned
swordfight swordfight
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
though though
still still
recalls recall
fighting fighting
experience experience
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
well well
Ever Ever
since since
first first
time time
Arlan Arlan
let let
Duncan Duncan
hold hold
sword sword
Duncan Duncan
dreamt dreamt
becoming becoming
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
AC AC
tourney tourney
held held
Ashford Ashford
Arlan Arlan
died died
way way
Ashford Ashford
Duncan Duncan
buried buried
decided decided
compete compete
tourney tourney
Ashford Ashford
Meadow Meadow
Arlans Arlans
stead stead
way way
stopped stopped
inn inn
Inside Inside
Duncan Duncan
met met
drunken drunken
man man
claimed claimed
dreamed dreamed
Duncan Duncan
became became
distraught distraught
sight sight
Duncan Duncan
also also
met met
baldheaded baldheaded
boy boy
begged begged
allowed allowed
become become
Duncans Duncans
squire squire
Duncan Duncan
left left
Duncan Duncan
refused refused
left left
shortly shortly
thereafter thereafter
arrived arrived
Ashford Ashford
Duncan Duncan
made made
camp camp
evening evening
discovered discovered
bald bald
boy boy
inn inn
camp camp
claimed claimed
called called
Egg Egg
said said
came came
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
causing causing
Duncan Duncan
believe believe
boy boy
orphan orphan
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
like like
Duncan Duncan
squire squire
Duncan Duncan
accepted accepted
Egg Egg
squire squire
duration duration
tourney tourney
tourney tourney
grounds ground
Duncan Duncan
forced forced
sell sell
Sweetfoot Sweetfoot
one one
horses horse
Ser Ser
Arlans Arlans
old old
armor armor
order order
able able
acquire acquire
armor armor
met met
puppeteer puppeteer
named named
Tanselle Tanselle
agreed agreed
paint paint
shield shield
personal personal
sigil sigil
day day
arrival arrival
Duncan Duncan
went went
register register
tourney tourney
Knighthood Knighthood
required required
participation participation
tourney tourney
Duncan Duncan
told told
Lord Lord
Ashfords Ashfords
steward steward
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
knighted knighted
death death
Several Several
thoughts thought
actions action
well well
facts fact
however however
suggest suggest
tale tale
completely completely
trueN trueN
steward steward
suggests suggests
Duncan Duncan
find find
someone someone
vouch vouch
return return
next next
day day
Unable Unable
find find
anyone anyone
Duncan Duncan
returned returned
castle castle
next next
day day
accidentally accidentally
interrupted interrupted
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
Prince Prince
Maekar Maekar
Targaryen Targaryen
occupied occupied
missing missing
Princes Princes
Daeron Daeron
Aegon Aegon
two two
Maekars Maekars
sons son
Explaining Explaining
problem problem
princes prince
Baelor Baelor
recalled recalled
jousting jousting
Arlan Arlan
years year
vouched vouched
Duncan Duncan
allowing allowing
participation participation
Tanselle Tanselle
attacked attacked
Prince Prince
Aerion Aerion
Targaryen Targaryen
Duncan Duncan
rushes rush
defense defense
attacking attacking
prince prince
process process
Aerions Aerions
guards guard
intervened intervened
Egg Egg
protected protected
Duncan Duncan
harm harm
revealing revealing
identity identity
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Duncan Duncan
arrested arrested
brought brought
castle castle
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
informed informed
Prince Prince
Daeron Daeron
claimed claimed
father father
missing missing
Aegon Aegon
kidnapped kidnapped
robber robber
knight knight
Aerion Aerion
twisting twisting
puppeteer puppeteer
story story
treason treason
Due Due
lies lie
Aerion Aerion
Daeron Daeron
Maekar Maekar
become become
furious furious
Duncan Duncan
Baelor Baelor
forced forced
allow allow
Aerion Aerion
trial trial
Aerion Aerion
demanded demanded
trial trial
seven seven
help help
Aegon Aegon
Duncan Duncan
found found
six six
allies ally
Ser Ser
Robyn Robyn
Rhysling Rhysling
Ser Ser
Humfrey Humfrey
Hardyng Hardyng
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
Baratheon Baratheon
Ser Ser
Humfrey Humfrey
Beesbury Beesbury
newlyknighted newlyknighted
Raymun Raymun
Fossoway Fossoway
ultimately ultimately
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
Targaryen Targaryen
faced faced
Aerion Aerion
Daeron Daeron
Maekar Maekar
three three
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ser Ser
Steffon Steffon
Fossoway Fossoway
surprise surprise
Duncan Duncan
discovered discovered
smallfolk smallfolk
supported supported
remembered remembered
vows vow
knight knight
protecting protecting
weak weak
defending defending
innocent innocent
protecting protecting
Tanselle Tanselle
combat combat
Duncan Duncan
eventually eventually
found found
facing facing
Aerion Aerion
one one
one one
managed managed
best best
Aerion Aerion
using using
strength strength
fighting fighting
skills skill
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
Duncan Duncan
forced forced
Aerion Aerion
yield yield
Daeron Daeron
already already
faked faked
defeat defeat
promised promised
Duncan Duncan
day day
Duncan Duncan
declared declared
cleared cleared
free free
charges charge
Three Three
men men
given given
aid aid
Duncan Duncan
died died
either either
battle battle
including including
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
leaving leaving
Duncan Duncan
feeling feeling
extremely extremely
guilty guilty
Prince Prince
Maekar Maekar
offered offered
Duncan Duncan
place place
Summerhall Summerhall
Aegon Aegon
could could
squire squire
Duncan Duncan
Duncan Duncan
agreed agreed
take take
Aegon Aegon
squire squire
insisted insisted
remaining remaining
hedge hedge
knight knight
convinced convinced
would would
teach teach
Aegon Aegon
humility humility
Maekar Maekar
agreed agreed
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
traveled traveled
Dorne Dorne
passing passing
Princes Princes
Pass Pass
eventually eventually
reaching reaching
Vaith Vaith
Duncan Duncan
accidentally accidentally
insulted insulted
Lady Lady
Cassella Cassella
Vaith Vaith
first first
highborn highborn
woman woman
ever ever
met met
crossing crossing
desert desert
Duncans Duncans
horse horse
Chestnut Chestnut
died died
Aegon Aegon
ride ride
double double
Thunder Thunder
AC AC
AC AC
Great Great
Spring Spring
Sickness Sickness
ran ran
course course
Westeros Westeros
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
able able
avoid avoid
encountering encountering
plague plague
Dorne Dorne
one one
two two
places place
plague plague
come come
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
took took
poleboat poleboat
Greenblood Greenblood
Planky Planky
Town Town
took took
passage passage
galleas galleas
White White
Lady Lady
Oldtown Oldtown
Aboard Aboard
ship ship
Duncan Duncan
first first
experience experience
combat combat
sea sea
helped helped
repel repel
raiders raider
Oldtown Oldtown
Aegons Aegons
brother brother
Aemon Aemon
measured measured
Duncan Duncan
found found
inch inch
short short
seven seven
feet foot
point point
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
gifted gifted
mule mule
Maester Maester
one one
Aegons Aegons
brothers brother
presumably presumably
AemonN AemonN
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
took took
service service
Ser Ser
Eustace Eustace
Osgrey Osgrey
poor poor
broken broken
landed landed
knight knight
Standfast Standfast
located located
Reach Reach
Also Also
employed employed
Ser Ser
Bennis Bennis
Brown Brown
Shield Shield
old old
acquaintance acquaintance
Duncan Duncan
time time
Arlan Arlan
Duncan Duncan
Bennis Bennis
discovered discovered
peasants peasant
Lady Lady
Rohanne Rohanne
Webber Webber
Coldmoat Coldmoat
dammed dammed
Chequy Chequy
Water Water
Bennis Bennis
provoked provoked
Rohanne Rohanne
cutting cutting
cheek cheek
one one
peasants peasant
Ser Ser
Eustace Eustace
refused refused
travel travel
Coldmoat Coldmoat
Duncan Duncan
went went
Coldmoat Coldmoat
try try
reason reason
Though Though
sexual sexual
tension tension
charged charged
meeting meeting
Rohanne Rohanne
refused refused
Duncan Duncan
told told
Eustaces Eustaces
support support
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Shocked Shocked
revelation revelation
Duncan Duncan
attempted attempted
leave leave
Eustaces Eustaces
service service
fire fire
nearby nearby
woods wood
caused caused
suspect suspect
Rohanne Rohanne
already already
started started
campaign campaign
Eustace Eustace
Duncan Duncan
knew knew
battle battle
lost lost
cause cause
disbanded disbanded
Eustaces Eustaces
levies levy
promised promised
side side
faced faced
Rohanne Rohanne
Meeting Meeting
Rohannes Rohannes
forces force
Duncan Duncan
offered offered
settle settle
matter matter
trial trial
combat combat
cutting cutting
cheek cheek
dagger dagger
Rohannes Rohannes
champion champion
overbearing overbearing
steward steward
Ser Ser
Lucas Lucas
Longinch Longinch
Duncans Duncans
wrestling wrestling
ability ability
compensated compensated
lack lack
swordsmanship swordsmanship
managed managed
kill kill
Lucas Lucas
though though
received received
major major
wounds wound
almost almost
drowned drowned
stream stream
fighting fighting
recuperating recuperating
Duncan Duncan
discovered discovered
Eustace Eustace
Rohanne Rohanne
settled settled
differences difference
decided decided
marry marry
Duncan Duncan
felt felt
rejected rejected
confronted confronted
Rohanne Rohanne
shortly shortly
left left
took took
one one
kiss kiss
Rohanne Rohanne
cut cut
length length
signature signature
braid braid
keepsake keepsake
Aegon Aegon
took took
leave leave
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
traveled traveled
riverlands riverlands
visited visited
Stoney Stoney
Sept Sept
Even Even
though though
way way
north north
take take
service service
Lord Lord
Beron Beron
Stark Stark
battle battle
Greyjoys Greyjoys
northern northern
coast coast
changed changed
destination destination
chance chance
meeting meeting
road road
encountered encountered
group group
led led
Lord Lord
Gormon Gormon
Peake Peake
Starpike Starpike
Lord Lord
Alyn Alyn
Cockshaw Cockshaw
hedge hedge
knight knight
named named
Ser Ser
John John
Fiddler Fiddler
latter latter
invited invited
Duncan Duncan
attend attend
wedding wedding
Lord Lord
Ambrose Ambrose
Butterwell Butterwell
Whitewalls Whitewalls
daughter daughter
Lord Lord
Frey Frey
Crossing Crossing
stating stating
victors victor
prize prize
celebratory celebratory
Whitewalls Whitewalls
tourney tourney
dragon dragon
egg egg
Though Though
company company
traveled traveled
without without
Duncan Duncan
decided decided
go go
befriended befriended
Ser Ser
Kyle Kyle
Cat Cat
Ser Ser
Maynard Maynard
Plumm Plumm
Ser Ser
Glendon Glendon
Ball Ball
way way
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Aegon Aegon
became became
suspicious suspicious
intentions intention
wedding wedding
informed informed
Duncan Duncan
majority majority
nobles noble
present present
fought fought
House House
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Duncan Duncan
later later
encounter encounter
John John
Fiddler Fiddler
told told
Duncan Duncan
appeared appeared
dream dream
Duncan Duncan
worn worn
white white
armor armor
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Fiddler Fiddler
said said
dreams dream
always always
came came
true true
stating stating
dreamed dreamed
brothers brother
dead dead
though though
hadnt hadnt
believed believed
died died
Fiddler Fiddler
also also
informed informed
Duncan Duncan
dreamed dreamed
dragon dragon
hatching hatching
egg egg
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Duncan Duncan
entered entered
joust joust
Gallows Gallows
Knight Knight
mystery mystery
knight knight
named named
hanged hanged
man man
sigil sigil
shield shield
bought bought
replace replace
one one
destroyed destroyed
Longinch Longinch
time time
painted painted
arms arm
defeated defeated
first first
tilt tilt
Ser Ser
Uthor Uthor
Underleaf Underleaf
confessed confessed
someone someone
attempted attempted
bribe bribe
kill kill
Duncan Duncan
final final
tilt tilt
Whilst Whilst
searching searching
Aegon Aegon
Duncan Duncan
ran ran
Glendon Glendon
Ball Ball
far far
successful successful
Duncan Duncan
tourney tourney
invited invited
come come
north north
tourney tourney
Glendon Glendon
declined declined
Glendon Glendon
told told
Duncan Duncan
Gormon Gormon
Peake Peake
offered offered
place place
Starpike Starpike
condition condition
Glendon Glendon
would would
let let
Fiddler Fiddler
win win
Glendon Glendon
refused refused
angering angering
Peake Peake
Duncan Duncan
next next
ran ran
Fiddler Fiddler
began began
realize realize
Johns Johns
true true
identity identity
well well
tourney tourney
rigged rigged
make make
Fiddler Fiddler
victorious victorious
Lord Lord
Peake Peake
accused accused
Glendon Glendon
Ball Ball
stealing stealing
dragon dragon
egg egg
boy boy
imprisoned imprisoned
Duncan Duncan
attempted attempted
intervene intervene
Alyn Alyn
Cockshaw Cockshaw
pulled pulled
back back
telling telling
Duncan Duncan
follow follow
wanted wanted
find find
Aegon Aegon
Alyn Alyn
attempted attempted
kill kill
Duncan Duncan
jealousy jealousy
attention attention
Fiddler Fiddler
shown shown
Duncan Duncan
Though Though
injured injured
Duncan Duncan
threw threw
Alyn Alyn
well well
drown drown
action action
witnessed witnessed
Maynard Maynard
Plumm Plumm
Plumm Plumm
helped helped
Duncan Duncan
see see
injuries injury
informed informed
Aegons Aegons
location location
Aegon Aegon
falsely falsely
told told
Lord Lord
Ambrose Ambrose
Duncan Duncan
spies spy
sent sent
investigate investigate
tournament tournament
father father
Prince Prince
Maekar Maekar
way way
army army
Frightened Frightened
Lord Lord
Ambrose Ambrose
pleads pleads
innocence innocence
Ser Ser
Tommard Tommard
Heddle Heddle
attempted attempted
seize seize
Aegon Aegon
slain slain
Duncan Duncan
combat combat
ensued ensued
Duncan Duncan
ordered ordered
Aegon Aegon
ride ride
Maidenpool Maidenpool
next next
confronted confronted
Fiddler Fiddler
calling calling
true true
name name
Daemon Daemon
Duncan Duncan
accused accused
Lord Lord
Peake Peake
bribing bribing
contestants contestant
Daemons Daemons
favor favor
falsely falsely
charging charging
Glendon Glendon
theft theft
dragon dragon
egg egg
Furious Furious
accusations accusation
Daemon Daemon
challenged challenged
Glendon Glendon
joust joust
means mean
trial trial
combat combat
Glendon Glendon
defeated defeated
Daemon Daemon
easily easily
mere mere
moments moment
later later
loyalist loyalist
army army
led led
Lord Lord
Brynden Brynden
Rivers Rivers
Hand Hand
King King
arrived arrived
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Daemon Daemon
arrested arrested
supported supported
executed executed
punished punished
causing causing
Second Second
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
suppressed suppressed
even even
begun begun
Lord Lord
Brynden Brynden
allowed allowed
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
continue continue
travels travel
hinted hinted
dragons dragon
egg egg
stolen stolen
leading leading
Duncan Duncan
realize realize
involvement involvement
dwarfs dwarf
performed performed
wedding wedding
unknown unknown
amount amount
time time
Whitewalls Whitewalls
Duncan Duncan
Aegon Aegon
visited visited
Winterfell Winterfell
Presumably Presumably
honor honor
Duncan Duncan
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
named named
firstborn firstborn
son son
heir heir
Duncan Duncan
asked asked
however however
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
refused refused
answer answer
Prince Prince
Duncan Duncan
called called
Duncan Duncan
Small Small
late late
AC AC
Aegon Aegon
ascended ascended
throne throne
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
Duncan Duncan
escorted escorted
Aegons Aegons
brother brother
Aemon Aemon
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
Aemon Aemon
going going
join join
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Duncan Duncan
eventually eventually
joined joined
Kingsguard Kingsguard
unknown unknown
exactly exactly
took took
vows vow
first first
known known
mention mention
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
AC AC
AC AC
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
fought fought
Fourth Fourth
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
personally personally
slew slew
Daemon Daemon
III III
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Pretender Pretender
AC AC
Prince Prince
Duncan Duncan
Targaryen Targaryen
broke broke
betrothal betrothal
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
Baratheons Baratheons
daughter daughter
married married
commonborn commonborn
girl girl
known known
Jenny Jenny
Oldstones Oldstones
instead instead
enraged enraged
Lyonel Lyonel
renounced renounced
fealty fealty
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Duncan Duncan
served served
King King
Aegon Aegon
Vs Vs
champion champion
trial trial
combat combat
bested bested
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
thereby thereby
ended ended
Lyonels Lyonels
short short
rebellion rebellion
AC AC
AC AC
Duncan Duncan
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
participated participated
winter winter
tourney tourney
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
defeated defeated
sixteenyearold sixteenyearold
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
AC AC
Duncan Duncan
perished perished
along along
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Prince Prince
Duncan Duncan
among among
others others
tragedy tragedy
Summerhall Summerhall
Little Little
known known
events event
tragedy tragedy
seems seems
Lord Lord
Commanders Commanders
valor valor
saved saved
survivors survivor
dying dying
great great
fire fire
consumed consumed
Summerhall Summerhall
Round Round
Room Room
White White
Sword Sword
Tower Tower
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
admires admires
previous previous
men men
served served
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
including including
Duncan Duncan
also also
reads read
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmys Selmys
entry entry
White White
Book Book
states state
Barristan Barristan
defeated defeated
Duncan Duncan
winter winter
tourney tourney
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Barristan Barristan
participated participated
mystery mystery
knight knight
unknown unknown
reasons reason
shield shield
Dunks Dunks
original original
arms arm
came came
reside reside
armory armory
Lord Lord
Selwyn Selwyn
Tarth Tarth
Evenfall Evenfall
Hall Hall
Duskendale Duskendale
Selwyns Selwyns
daughter daughter
Brienne Brienne
remembering remembering
arms arm
painted painted
shield shield
travel travel
crownlands crownlands
riverlands riverlands
incognito incognito
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
relates relates
joined joined
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
brother brother
Egg Egg
insisted insisted
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
accompany accompany
Eastwatch Eastwatch
Aemon Aemon
also also
dreams dream
youth youth
Oldtown Oldtown
time time
drinking drinking
Quill Quill
Tankard Tankard
Egg Egg
big big
knight knight
served served
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
visions vision
past past
looking looking
heart heart
tree tree
godswood godswood
Winterfell Winterfell
Among Among
visions vision
slender slender
brownhaired brownhaired
girl girl
kissing kissing
knight knight
tall tall
Hodor Hodor
possibly possibly
Duncan Duncan
time time
tourney tourney
Ashford Ashford
Meadow Meadow
Hedge Hedge
Knight Knight
Dunk Dunk
owned owned
three three
horses horse
inherited inherited
Ser Ser
Arlan Arlan
Pennytree Pennytree
adventures adventure
progressed progressed
Duncan Duncan
acquired acquired
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
stated stated
readers reader
met met
descendant descendant
Dunk Dunk
ASOIAF ASOIAF
later later
stated stated
gave gave
strong strong
hint hint
Dunks Dunks
descendant descendant
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Given Given
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Brienne Brienne
recalls recall
finding finding
shield shield
Dunks Dunks
sigil sigil
armories armory
Tarth Tarth
widely widely
speculated speculated
confirmed confirmed
descended descended
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
However However
Balticon Balticon
Martin Martin
confirmed confirmed
Briennes Briennes
descent descent
stating stating
exact exact
relationship relationship
Duncan Duncan
Brienne Brienne
would would
revealed revealed
time time
page page
intended intended
draw draw
rough rough
chronology chronology
events event
world world
since since
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
epoch epoch
event event
maesters maesters
educated educated
people people
count count
years year
relation relation
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
vague vague
regard regard
dates date
chronology chronology
often often
based based
estimations estimation
according according
key key
dates date
character character
ages age
etc etc
general general
overview overview
history history
see see
timeline timeline
major major
events event
See See
Also Also
Years Years
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
Years Years
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
Calculations Calculations
Events Events
birth birth
death death
years year
maesters maesters
Citadel Citadel
keep keep
histories history
Westeros Westeros
used used
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
touchstone touchstone
past past
three three
hundred hundred
years year
Birth Birth
deaths death
battles battle
events event
dated dated
either either
AC AC
Conquest Conquest
BC BC
Conquest Conquest
AC AC
first first
year year
reign reign
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
starting starting
day day
Aegon Aegon
crowned crowned
Oldtown Oldtown
Aegons Aegons
coronation coronation
Oldtown Oldtown
used used
maesters maesters
date date
Westerosi Westerosi
calendar calendar
start start
Aegons Aegons
reign reign
preceded preceded
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
war war
lasting lasting
two two
years year
AC AC
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
tried tried
take take
advantage advantage
chaos chaos
caused caused
Conquest Conquest
declared declared
independent independent
secession secession
quickly quickly
stopped stopped
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
using using
dragon dragon
army army
northmen northman
AC AC
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
descended descended
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Balerion Balerion
order order
put put
end end
civil civil
war war
erupted erupted
Harren Harren
Hoares Hoares
death death
Conquest Conquest
main main
claimant claimant
Qhorin Qhorin
Volmark Volmark
slain slain
Aegon Aegon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
priestking priestking
Lodos Lodos
drowned drowned
prayers prayer
Drowned Drowned
God God
went went
unanswered unanswered
Afterwards Afterwards
Aegon Aegon
allowed allowed
ironborn ironborn
elect elect
leader leader
Lord Lord
Vickon Vickon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
chosen chosen
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
AC AC
beginning beginning
First First
Dornish Dornish
War War
Targaryen Targaryen
fullfledged fullfledged
attempt attempt
invade invade
Dorne Dorne
Queen Queen
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Targaryen Targaryen
attacked attacked
Planky Planky
Town Town
air air
Meraxes Meraxes
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
marched marched
Princes Princes
Pass Pass
Lord Lord
Orys Orys
Baratheon Baratheon
descended descended
Boneway Boneway
Although Although
Orys Orys
ambushed ambushed
captured captured
Wyl Wyl
Wyl Wyl
Dornish Dornish
prefer prefer
avoid avoid
confrontation confrontation
abandon abandon
strongholds stronghold
rather rather
face face
invading invading
armies army
capturing capturing
castles castle
Aegon Aegon
took took
Sunspear Sunspear
declared declared
Conquest Conquest
Dorne Dorne
concluded concluded
AC AC
Dornish Dornish
War War
went went
renewed renewed
fierceness fierceness
Taking Taking
advantage advantage
fact fact
Aegon Aegon
Balerion Balerion
returned returned
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
hordes horde
Dornish Dornish
spearmen spearmen
emerged emerged
hiding hiding
recaptured recaptured
castles castle
lost lost
killing killing
garrisons garrison
castellans castellans
Lord Lord
Rosby Rosby
thrown thrown
Meria Meria
Martell Martell
top top
Spear Spear
Tower Tower
would would
known known
Defenestration Defenestration
Sunspear Sunspear
Harlan Harlan
Tyrell Tyrell
entire entire
army army
disappeared disappeared
amidst amidst
red red
sands sand
somewhere somewhere
east east
Hellholt Hellholt
Year Year
AC AC
also also
notable notable
creation creation
office office
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
King King
Aegon Aegon
requested requested
Citadel Citadel
send send
one one
advise advise
AC AC
lord lord
Alton Alton
Celtigar Celtigar
became became
third third
Hand Hand
King King
resignation resignation
lord lord
Edmyn Edmyn
Tully Tully
Dorne Dorne
war war
continued continued
Aegon Aegon
Visenya Visenya
burnings burning
castles castle
dragons dragon
AC AC
Dornish Dornish
War War
took took
darker darker
turn turn
Rhaenys Rhaenys
dragon dragon
Meraxes Meraxes
shot shot
scorpion scorpion
Hellholt Hellholt
would would
begin begin
period period
indiscriminate indiscriminate
revenges revenge
war war
escalated escalated
series series
castle castle
burnings burning
targeted targeted
murders murder
nobles noble
known known
Dragons Dragons
Wroth Wroth
failed failed
attempt attempt
Aegon Aegon
Visenya Visenya
convinced convinced
establish establish
body body
seven seven
sworn sworn
bodyguards bodyguard
would would
named named
Kingsguard Kingsguard
AC AC
saw saw
birth birth
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
second second
son son
King King
Aegon Aegon
first first
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Meanwhile Meanwhile
Dornish Dornish
War War
reached reached
new new
heights height
brutality brutality
Targaryens Targaryens
leaving leaving
Dorne Dorne
blasted blasted
land land
beset beset
famine famine
blight blight
Dornish Dornish
taking taking
vengeance vengeance
attacks attack
infamous infamous
assault assault
Lord Lord
Wyl Wyl
wedding wedding
Ser Ser
Jon Jon
Cafferen Cafferen
Alys Alys
Oakheart Oakheart
AC AC
princess princess
Meria Meria
Dorne Dorne
died died
son son
heir heir
Nymor Nymor
Martell Martell
sent sent
daughter daughter
Deria Deria
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
sealed sealed
letter letter
Aegon Aegon
content content
letter letter
unknown unknown
day day
convinced convinced
king king
put put
sign sign
peace peace
agreement agreement
Thus Thus
ended ended
First First
Dornish Dornish
War War
years year
fighting fighting
AC AC
final final
year year
Aegon Aegon
Conquerors Conquerors
reign reign
death death
stroke stroke
Dragonstone Dragonstone
firstborn firstborn
Aenys Aenys
Targaryen Targaryen
crowned crowned
perceived perceived
weakling weakling
four four
rebels rebel
tested tested
determination determination
Harren Harren
Red Red
murdered murdered
Lord Lord
Gargon Gargon
Qoherys Qoherys
took took
Harrenhal Harrenhal
Jonos Jonos
Arryn Arryn
threw threw
brother brother
lord lord
Ronnel Ronnel
Arryn Arryn
Moon Moon
Door Door
priest priest
king king
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
claimed claimed
son son
Drowned Drowned
God God
pretender pretender
Red Red
Mountains Mountains
called called
Vulture Vulture
King King
raided raided
Dornish Dornish
Marches Marches
four four
rebellions rebellion
put put
although although
costed costed
lives life
Lord Lord
Orys Orys
Baratheon Baratheon
Hand Hand
Alyn Alyn
Stokeworth Stokeworth
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
instrumental instrumental
retaking retaking
Eyrie Eyrie
received received
Blackfyre Blackfyre
bonded bonded
Balerion Balerion
named named
new new
Hand Hand
King King
Aenys Aenys
AC AC
sixth sixth
child child
king king
Aenys Aenys
queen queen
Alyssa Alyssa
born born
Although Although
baby baby
died died
cradle cradle
birth birth
convinced convinced
prince prince
Maegor Maegor
wife wife
Ceryse Ceryse
barren barren
took took
decision decision
take take
second second
wife wife
Alys Alys
Harroway Harroway
AC AC
first first
year year
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
uprising uprising
sparked sparked
announcement announcement
king king
Aenys Aenys
marriage marriage
son son
Aegon Aegon
daughter daughter
Rhaena Rhaena
Starry Starry
Sept Sept
condemned condemned
incestuous incestuous
union union
expelled expelled
Septon Septon
Murmison Murmison
Faith Faith
performed performed
nuptials nuptials
Murmison Murmison
murdered murdered
angry angry
mob mob
end end
year year
much much
realm realm
risen risen
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
year year
AC AC
Realm Realm
turmoil turmoil
caused caused
rise rise
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
received received
news news
princes prince
Aegon Aegon
Rhaena Rhaena
besieged besieged
Crakehall Crakehall
King King
Aenys Aenys
fell fell
sick sick
died died
days day
later later
Visenya Visenya
hurriedly hurriedly
crowned crowned
son son
Maegor Maegor
silenced silenced
ones one
arguing arguing
young young
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
rightful rightful
heir heir
Maegor Maegor
survived survived
trial trial
seven seven
Warriors Warriors
Sons Sons
burnt burnt
Sept Sept
Remembrance Remembrance
defeated defeated
armies army
Faith Faith
Bitterbridge Bitterbridge
AC AC
Maegor Maegor
consolidated consolidated
rule rule
suffocating suffocating
two two
principal principal
opponents opponent
reign reign
declared declared
High High
Septon Septon
traitor traitor
outlawed outlawed
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
burned burned
seats seat
lords lord
gave gave
support support
flew flew
Oldtown Oldtown
intention intention
burn burn
suddenly suddenly
High High
Septon Septon
mysteriously mysteriously
died died
replaced replaced
much much
biddable biddable
septon septon
agreed agreed
anoint anoint
Maegor Maegor
king king
Afterwards Afterwards
news news
came came
nephew nephew
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
designated designated
heir heir
Aenys Aenys
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
claimants claimant
met met
Battle Battle
Beneath Beneath
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
Maegor Maegor
defeated defeated
killed killed
Aegon Aegon
AC AC
peaceful peaceful
compared compared
previous previous
one one
pregnancy pregnancy
Alys Alys
Harroway Harroway
seemed seemed
Maegor Maegor
would would
finally finally
get get
much much
desired desired
heir heir
Alys Alys
abortion abortion
Tyanna Tyanna
Tower Tower
accused accused
laid laid
many many
men men
get get
pregnant pregnant
obtaining obtaining
confessions confession
torture torture
Maegor Maegor
executed executed
Alys Alys
father father
Hand Hand
family family
alleged alleged
lovers lover
Later Later
year year
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
Alyssa Alyssa
Velaryon Velaryon
took took
opportunity opportunity
flee flee
hiding hiding
children child
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Alysanne Alysanne
dragons dragon
AC AC
Red Red
Keep Keep
finally finally
finished finished
slaughtering slaughtering
builders builder
prevent prevent
reveal reveal
secrets secret
Maegor Maegor
commanded commanded
ruins ruin
Sept Sept
Remembrance Remembrance
cleared cleared
top top
Rhaenyss Rhaenyss
Hill Hill
make make
space space
building building
Dragonpit Dragonpit
last last
part part
year year
Maegor Maegor
resumed resumed
campaign campaign
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
AC AC
remembered remembered
King King
Maegors Maegors
decision decision
take take
three three
new new
brides bride
ensure ensure
finally finally
produced produced
heir heir
chose chose
widowed widowed
mothers mother
proven proven
fertility fertility
married married
simultaneously simultaneously
ceremony ceremony
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
officiated officiated
High High
Septon Septon
AC AC
Maegor Maegor
Cruels Cruels
reign reign
crumbled crumbled
widespread widespread
revolts revolt
House House
Tully Tully
openly openly
defied defied
joining joining
outlaw outlaw
Ser Ser
Joffrey Joffrey
Doggett Doggett
Septon Septon
Moon Moon
marched marched
towards towards
Oldtown Oldtown
followed followed
thousands thousand
followers follower
supported supported
lords lord
Rowan Rowan
Oakheart Oakheart
nephew nephew
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
support support
Storms Storms
End End
supporters supporter
abandoned abandoned
including including
Hand Hand
Lord Lord
Celtigar Celtigar
Great Great
Maester Maester
Benifer Benifer
master master
ships ship
two two
kingsguard kingsguard
wife wife
Rhaena Rhaena
deserted deserted
went went
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Lords Lords
Hightower Hightower
Lannister Lannister
Arryn Arryn
also also
joined joined
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
cause cause
lesser lesser
lords lord
left left
supporting supporting
Maegor Maegor
found found
dead dead
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
next next
morning morning
found found
dead dead
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
spent spent
remaining remaining
year year
restoring restoring
relationships relationship
crown crown
Faith Faith
convenient convenient
death death
Septon Septon
Moon Moon
young young
king king
crowned crowned
anointed anointed
Oldtown Oldtown
year year
peace peace
plenty plenty
celebration celebration
three three
significant significant
marriages marriage
Rhaena Rhaena
Targaryen Targaryen
wed wed
Androw Androw
Farman Farman
lord lord
Farmans Farmans
second second
son son
Hand Hand
Rogar Rogar
Baratheon Baratheon
queen queen
dowager dowager
Alyssa Alyssa
Velaryon Velaryon
married married
fastuous fastuous
ceremony ceremony
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
king king
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
sister sister
Alysanne Alysanne
married married
secretly secretly
Dragonstone Dragonstone
reason reason
year year
known known
Year Year
Three Three
Brides Brides
Regent Regent
Queen Queen
Alyssa Alyssa
Hand Hand
Rogar Rogar
Baratheon Baratheon
ruled ruled
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
trying trying
find find
way way
undo undo
secret secret
marriage marriage
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Alysanne Alysanne
failed failed
realm realm
began began
aware aware
union union
clashed clashed
Alyssa Alyssa
dismissed dismissed
husband husband
position position
Hand Hand
King King
ninth ninth
moon moon
year year
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
came came
age age
flew flew
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
assume assume
rule rule
realm realm
person person
Wall Wall
two two
former former
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
lead lead
rebellion rebellion
former former
Poor Poor
Fellow Fellow
Warriors Warriors
Sons Sons
uprising uprising
shortlived shortlived
Lord Lord
Walton Walton
Stark Stark
died died
fight fight
AC AC
marked marked
second second
wedding wedding
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
made made
public public
union union
austere austere
ceremony ceremony
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
prevent prevent
opposition opposition
incestuous incestuous
marriage marriage
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
sent sent
Seven Seven
Speakers Speakers
travel travel
around around
realm realm
preaching preaching
subjects subject
doctrine doctrine
Exceptionalism Exceptionalism
However However
first first
royal royal
progress progress
pregnant pregnant
queen queen
attacked attacked
three three
fundamentalist fundamentalist
women woman
birth birth
Alysanne Alysanne
would would
later later
blame blame
stress stress
suffered suffered
attack attack
fact fact
firstborn firstborn
Aegon Aegon
born born
small small
frail frail
died died
three three
days day
AC AC
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
reprised reprised
progress progress
visiting visiting
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
Although Although
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
could could
accompany accompany
part part
travel travel
influence influence
instrumental instrumental
promulgation promulgation
Widows Widows
Law Law
king king
also also
centered centered
efforts effort
urbanization urbanization
Kings Kings
Landling Landling
starting starting
construction construction
great great
central central
square square
several several
long long
streets street
one one
darkest darkest
years year
long long
reign reign
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
came came
known known
Year Year
Stranger Stranger
due due
deaths death
tragedies tragedy
befell befell
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
realm realm
significantly significantly
Alyssas Alyssas
death death
giving giving
birth birth
Jocelyn Jocelyn
Baratheon Baratheon
murders murder
Rhaena Rhaena
Targaryen Targaryen
companions companion
Androw Androw
Farman Farman
winter winter
year year
marked marked
return return
Balerion Balerion
Aerea Aerea
Targaryen Targaryen
dragon dragon
halfhealed halfhealed
scars scar
jagged jagged
rent rent
young young
princess princess
agonizing agonizing
burning burning
fever fever
infected infected
fiendish fiendish
parasites parasite
would would
cause cause
death death
missing missing
year year
whereabouts whereabouts
time time
would would
always always
remain remain
mystery mystery
AC AC
first first
twoyear twoyear
exceptionally exceptionally
cold cold
cruel cruel
winter winter
crops crop
failed failed
north north
riverlands riverlands
westerlands westerlands
Vale Vale
even even
Reach Reach
price price
bread bread
meat meat
rose rose
famine famine
terrible terrible
adversity adversity
widespread widespread
winter winter
plague plague
known known
Shivers Shivers
caused caused
deaths death
thousands thousand
people people
throughout throughout
Westeros Westeros
including including
two two
Lords Lords
Paramount Paramount
two two
members member
small small
council council
two two
members member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
AC AC
final final
year year
twoyear twoyear
exceptionally exceptionally
cold cold
cruel cruel
winter winter
year year
terrible terrible
winter winter
plague plague
known known
Shivers Shivers
finally finally
ran ran
course course
claiming claiming
life life
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
eldest eldest
living living
child child
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
Near Near
end end
year year
shortly shortly
following following
birth birth
king king
queens queen
fifth fifth
child child
Alyssa Alyssa
winter winter
finally finally
broke broke
AC AC
king king
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
joined joined
lord lord
Rogar Rogar
Baratheon Baratheon
five five
hundred hundred
stormlanders stormlanders
assault assault
Red Red
Mountains Mountains
hunt hunt
Vulture Vulture
King King
aided aided
Rogars Rogars
brother brother
Ser Ser
Borys Borys
outlaws outlaw
slain slain
less le
half half
year year
conflict conflict
would would
known known
Lord Lord
Rogars Rogars
War War
Third Third
Dornish Dornish
War War
Prince Prince
Aemon Aemon
Targaryen Targaryen
married married
Lady Lady
Jocelyn Jocelyn
Baratheon Baratheon
AC AC
remembered remembered
year year
Fourth Fourth
Dornish Dornish
War War
aborted aborted
attempt attempt
Prince Prince
Morion Morion
Martell Martell
invade invade
Stormlands Stormlands
sea sea
fleet fleet
sailing sailing
across across
Sea Sea
Dorne Dorne
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
appeared appeared
Vermithor Vermithor
sons son
Aemon Aemon
Baelon Baelon
riding riding
Caraxes Caraxes
Vhagar Vhagar
side side
Dornish Dornish
ships ship
burned burned
Morion Morion
men men
died died
AC AC
band band
Myrish Myrish
exiles exile
invaded invaded
island island
Tarth Tarth
battle battle
Prince Prince
Aemons Aemons
neck neck
pierced pierced
crossbow crossbow
bolt bolt
killed killed
Kings Kings
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
decision decision
declare declare
son son
Baelon Baelon
heir heir
passing passing
Aemons Aemons
daughter daughter
Rhaenys Rhaenys
caused caused
Second Second
Quarrel Quarrel
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
AC AC
royal royal
family family
hit hit
two two
close close
deaths death
youngest youngest
child child
princess princess
Gael Gael
Targaryen Targaryen
committed committed
suicide suicide
getting getting
pregnant pregnant
traveling traveling
singer singer
give give
birth birth
stillborn stillborn
son son
septon septon
Barth Barth
friend friend
Hand Hand
King King
forty forty
years year
passed passed
away away
sleep sleep
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ser Ser
Ryam Ryam
Redwyne Redwyne
named named
Hand Hand
place place
AC AC
Ser Ser
Ryam Ryam
Redwyne Redwyne
relieved relieved
duties duty
Hand Hand
year year
office office
replaced replaced
Old Old
Kings Kings
son son
heir heir
Baelon Baelon
seventh seventh
moon moon
year year
Good Good
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
died died
Dragonstone Dragonstone
retired retired
life life
last last
days day
year year
First First
Great Great
Council Council
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
summoned summoned
lords lord
realm realm
Harrenhal Harrenhal
decide decide
heir heir
Prince Prince
Baelons Baelons
death death
Old Old
King King
died died
AC AC
ruling ruling
years year
realm realm
mourned mourned
agreed agreed
Great Great
Council Council
held held
two two
years year
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
inherited inherited
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
tourney tourney
celebrated celebrated
Maidenpool Maidenpool
celebrate celebrate
king king
Viserys Viserys
ascension ascension
young young
Criston Criston
Cole Cole
obtained obtained
notoriety notoriety
defeating defeating
kings king
brother brother
Daemon Daemon
twice twice
gaining gaining
princess princess
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
favor favor
fateful fateful
year year
AC AC
queen queen
Aemmas Aemmas
death death
prompted prompted
king king
Viserys Viserys
name name
daughter daughter
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
heir heir
lavish lavish
ceremony ceremony
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
hundreds hundred
lords lord
swore swore
honor honor
kings king
year year
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
Strong Strong
named named
master master
laws law
Ser Ser
Criston Criston
Cole Cole
joined joined
Kingsguard Kingsguard
AC AC
king king
Viserys Viserys
married married
choosing choosing
Hands Hands
daughter daughter
Alicent Alicent
Hightower Hightower
alienated alienated
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
shunned shunned
wedding wedding
tried tried
carve carve
kingdom kingdom
initiating initiating
invasion invasion
Stepstones Stepstones
AC AC
two two
factions faction
formed formed
court court
received received
names name
would would
pass pas
history history
greens green
blacks black
per per
colors color
Queen Queen
Alicent Alicent
Princess Princess
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
dressed dressed
opening opening
feast feast
great great
tourney tourney
held held
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
celebrate celebrate
fifth fifth
anniversary anniversary
king king
Viseryss Viseryss
marriage marriage
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
returned returned
court court
exiled exiled
later later
unclear unclear
circumstances circumstance
AC AC
remembered remembered
Year Year
Red Red
Spring Spring
year year
marked marked
many many
deaths death
accidents accident
Houses Houses
Velaryon Velaryon
Strong Strong
suffered suffered
Lord Lord
Corlys Corlys
Velaryon Velaryon
wife wife
lost lost
children child
Laenor Laenor
Laena Laena
Velaryon Velaryon
House House
Strong Strong
lost lost
ruling ruling
lord lord
immediate immediate
heir heir
year year
ended ended
joyful joyful
occasion occasion
Princess Princess
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
welcomed welcomed
birth birth
first first
son son
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
AC AC
King King
Viseryss Viseryss
health health
began began
worsen worsen
Instead Instead
throne throne
room room
started started
hold hold
court court
solar solar
later later
bedchamber bedchamber
King King
Viserys Viserys
health health
deteriorated deteriorated
could could
longer longer
climb climb
steps step
carried carried
Red Red
Keep Keep
chair chair
governance governance
realm realm
thus thus
left left
hands hand
Hand Hand
small small
council council
year year
AC AC
saw saw
death death
King King
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
war war
brewing brewing
many many
years year
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
brother brother
fought fought
sister sister
dragon dragon
fought fought
dragon dragon
Dance Dance
saw saw
many many
deaths death
would would
last last
mid mid
AC AC
entire entire
AC AC
civil civil
war war
known known
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
continued continued
year year
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
managed managed
conquer conquer
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
though though
would would
hold hold
half half
year year
giving giving
name name
HalfYear HalfYear
Queen Queen
addition addition
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
army army
manage manage
capture capture
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
heirs heir
Aegon Aegon
remaining remaining
children child
smuggled smuggled
city city
AC AC
ended ended
deaths death
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
King King
Aegons Aegons
dragon dragon
Sunfyre Sunfyre
though though
Rhaenyras Rhaenyras
death death
end end
war war
Marked Marked
end end
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
AC AC
saw saw
death death
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
coronation coronation
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
AC AC
council council
regents regent
Hand Hand
Tyland Tyland
Lannister Lannister
tried tried
deal deal
challenges challenge
aftermath aftermath
Dance Dance
lack lack
clear clear
heir heir
young young
Aegon Aegon
III III
instability instability
Narrow Narrow
Sea Sea
coming coming
winter winter
plague plague
appeared appeared
Bite Bite
started started
spread spread
throughout throughout
Westeros Westeros
many many
men men
died died
Dance Dance
lot lot
women woman
step step
positions position
leadership leadership
initiating initiating
twoyear twoyear
period period
known known
Winter Winter
Widows Widows
third third
day day
AC AC
Winter Winter
Fever Fever
arrived arrived
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
killing killing
Protector Protector
Realm Realm
Hand Hand
King King
Regent Regent
three three
members member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
power power
vacuum vacuum
filled filled
Lord Lord
Unwin Unwin
Peake Peake
filled filled
vacancies vacancy
men men
loyal loyal
ninth ninth
moon moon
year year
queen queen
Jaehaera Jaehaera
fell fell
thrown thrown
death death
moat moat
Maegors Maegors
Holdfast Holdfast
nubile nubile
maidens maiden
realm realm
invited invited
great great
ball ball
king king
Aegon Aegon
III III
could could
choose choose
new new
wife wife
last last
day day
year year
saw saw
marriage marriage
king king
Daenaera Daenaera
Velaryon Velaryon
harsh harsh
year year
fifth fifth
Winter Winter
north north
widespread widespread
famine famine
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
suffered suffered
savage savage
power power
struggle struggle
revenge revenge
Westerners Westerners
Vale Vale
three three
candidates candidate
disputed disputed
Arryn Arryn
seat seat
death death
Lady Lady
Jeyne Jeyne
Maiden Maiden
Vale Vale
kings king
youngest youngest
brother brother
Viserys Viserys
found found
alive alive
ransomed ransomed
Early Early
sixyear sixyear
winter winter
ended ended
followed followed
time time
hope hope
prosperity prosperity
economic economic
growth growth
fueled fueled
resurgence resurgence
trade trade
returns return
paid paid
Rogare Rogare
Bank Bank
Due Due
growing growing
influence influence
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
inlaws inlaws
period period
came came
known known
Lysene Lysene
Spring Spring
later later
year year
collapse collapse
House House
Rogare Rogare
Lys Lys
results result
downfall downfall
Rogares Rogares
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
bankruptcy bankruptcy
bank bank
Lord Lord
Rowan Rowan
also also
imprisoned imprisoned
accused accused
complicit complicit
supposed supposed
treason treason
Refusing Refusing
deliver deliver
Larra Larra
Rogare Rogare
King King
Aegon Aegon
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
besieged besieged
days day
Maegors Maegors
Holdfast Holdfast
proven proven
accusations accusation
Lord Lord
Rowan Rowan
Rogares Rogares
fabricated fabricated
year year
started started
great great
gathering gathering
lords lord
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
name name
new new
regents regent
Hand Hand
would would
serve serve
little little
time time
day day
Aegon Aegon
III III
became became
came came
age age
entered entered
small small
council council
chamber chamber
dismissed dismissed
AC AC
regent regent
Dorne Dorne
Lord Lord
Lyonel Lyonel
Tyrell Tyrell
murdered murdered
Sandstone Sandstone
Dornish Dornish
insurgence insurgence
reemerged reemerged
forced forced
king king
Daeron Daeron
return return
Dorne Dorne
obtained obtained
victories victory
AC AC
seemed seemed
king king
Daeron Daeron
finally finally
subdued subdued
Dornish Dornish
group group
rebels rebel
approached approached
peace peace
banner banner
killed killed
treacherously treacherously
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
inherited inherited
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
disregarded disregarded
cries cry
revenge revenge
put put
end end
Conquest Conquest
Dorne Dorne
walked walked
barefoot barefoot
Sunspear Sunspear
make make
amends amends
Dornishmen Dornishmen
sign sign
peace peace
treaty treaty
king king
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
died died
AC AC
Although Although
become become
obese obese
could could
longer longer
walk walk
limbs limb
rotting rotting
dictated dictated
deathbed deathbed
legitimizing legitimizing
numerous numerous
bastard bastard
children child
AC AC
known known
year year
First First
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
bastard bastard
son son
late late
King King
Aegon Aegon
IV IV
Targaryen Targaryen
Daemon Daemon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
claimed claimed
throne throne
upon upon
grounds ground
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
bastard bastard
Queen Queen
Naerys Naerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Prince Prince
Aemon Aemon
Targaryen Targaryen
AC AC
also also
known known
Year Year
Spring Spring
Sickness Sickness
saw saw
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
diminished diminished
due due
death death
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
Breakspear Breakspear
Targaryen Targaryen
tourney tourney
mishap mishap
Prince Prince
Maekar Maekar
Targaryen Targaryen
mortally mortally
wounded wounded
deaths death
Princes Princes
Valarr Valarr
Matarys Matarys
Targaryen Targaryen
Baelors Baelors
sons son
King King
Daeron Daeron
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
deaths death
led led
Prince Prince
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
crowned crowned
King King
Aerys Aerys
Targaryen Targaryen
wife wife
Aelinor Aelinor
Penrose Penrose
Queen Queen
Shortly Shortly
death death
uncle uncle
Prince Prince
Baelor Baelor
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
named named
squire squire
hedge hedge
knight knight
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
AC AC
harsh harsh
year year
severe severe
summer summer
drought drought
entering entering
second second
year year
Dagon Dagon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
continuing continuing
raids raid
Sunset Sunset
Sea Sea
coast coast
AC AC
Blackfyre Blackfyre
supporters supporter
lead lead
Lord Lord
Peake Peake
Black Black
Dragons Dragons
eldest eldest
son son
tried tried
take take
profit profit
instability instability
ignite ignite
Second Second
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
cut cut
short short
Bloodraven Bloodraven
onset onset
Young Young
Lord Lord
Tybolt Tybolt
Lannister Lannister
also also
died died
year year
leaving leaving
threeyear threeyear
old old
daughter daughter
Lady Lady
Rock Rock
brother brother
Gerold Gerold
Lannister Lannister
regent regent
Across Across
Narrow Narrow
Sea Sea
Bittersteel Bittersteel
founded founded
Golden Golden
Company Company
AC AC
Haegon Haegon
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Bittersteel Bittersteel
crossed crossed
Narrow Narrow
Sea Sea
launched launched
Third Third
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
defeated defeated
captured captured
Targaryen Targaryen
army army
led led
Prince Prince
Maekar Maekar
Haegon Haegon
murdered murdered
treacherously treacherously
surrendered surrendered
Bittersteel Bittersteel
allowed allowed
avoid avoid
death death
penalty penalty
taking taking
black black
However However
route route
Wall Wall
escaped escaped
AC AC
year year
Peake Peake
Uprising Uprising
costed costed
life life
king king
Maekar Maekar
Great Great
Council Council
summoned summoned
Maekars Maekars
fourth fourth
son son
chosen chosen
crowned crowned
king king
Aegon Aegon
V V
AC AC
known known
Year Year
Red Red
Spring Spring
epithet epithet
also also
used used
AC AC
harsh harsh
sixyear sixyear
winter winter
beginning beginning
recede recede
Daemon Daemon
III III
Blackfyre Blackfyre
crossed crossed
Narrow Narrow
Sea Sea
army army
attempted attempted
invade invade
Westeros Westeros
would would
become become
Fourth Fourth
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Blackfyres Blackfyres
defeated defeated
Battle Battle
Wendwater Wendwater
Bridge Bridge
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
slew slew
Daemon Daemon
III III
AC AC
year year
Tragedy Tragedy
Summerhall Summerhall
king king
Aegons Aegons
attempts attempt
hatch hatch
dragons dragon
lead lead
death death
many many
others others
AC AC
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
got got
involved involved
War War
Ninepenny Ninepenny
Kings Kings
Westerosi Westerosi
army army
drove drove
Band Band
Nine Nine
Stepstones Stepstones
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
slain slain
Maelys Maelys
Monstrous Monstrous
single single
combat combat
Blackfyre Blackfyre
line line
extinguished extinguished
male male
line line
AC AC
young young
Ser Ser
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
overpassed overpassed
lord lord
father father
brutally brutally
exterminated exterminated
Houses Houses
Reyne Reyne
Tarbeck Tarbeck
response response
revolt revolt
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
AC AC
king king
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
illness illness
ruling ruling
three three
years year
son son
Aerys Aerys
rose rose
throne throne
naming naming
childhood childhood
friend friend
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Hand Hand
AC AC
saw saw
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
marry marry
Princess Princess
Elia Elia
Martell Martell
Dorne Dorne
sister sister
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
first first
child child
Rhaenys Rhaenys
Targaryen Targaryen
born born
later later
year year
Meanwhile Meanwhile
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryens Targaryens
madness madness
increased increased
extend extend
taken taken
burning burning
traitors traitor
murderers murderer
plotters plotter
rather rather
hanging hanging
beheading beheading
AC AC
AC AC
also also
known known
Year Year
False False
Spring Spring
marked marked
Tourney Tourney
Harrenhal Harrenhal
attended attended
many many
highborn highborn
realm realm
including including
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
son son
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
year year
also also
marked marked
death death
Ser Ser
Harlan Harlan
Grandison Grandison
caused caused
open open
spot spot
Kingsguard Kingsguard
filled filled
admission admission
newly newly
knighted knighted
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
named named
young young
Jaime Jaime
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Hand Hand
King King
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
quit quit
job job
anger anger
returned returned
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
AC AC
remembered remembered
start start
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
caused caused
supposed supposed
abduction abduction
Lyanna Lyanna
Stark Stark
disappearance disappearance
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
deaths death
Brandon Brandon
Rickard Rickard
Stark Stark
orders order
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
summons summons
paranoid paranoid
King King
Aerys Aerys
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
deliver deliver
heads head
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
raised raised
banners banner
response response
Rebellion Rebellion
lasted lasted
remainder remainder
year year
next next
year year
saw saw
major major
battles battle
AC AC
saw saw
second second
half half
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
ended ended
death death
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Trident Trident
deaths death
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
Targaryen Targaryen
fled fled
city city
son son
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
whilst whilst
pregnant pregnant
Aerys Aerys
last last
child child
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
followed followed
coronation coronation
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
new new
king king
lifting lifting
Siege Siege
Storms Storms
End End
death death
Lyanna Lyanna
Stark Stark
Tower Tower
Joy Joy
AC AC
marked marked
birth birth
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
caused caused
death death
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
Targaryen Targaryen
big big
storm storm
storm storm
caused caused
destruction destruction
remaining remaining
Targaryen Targaryen
fleet fleet
protecting protecting
Rhaella Rhaella
son son
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
remained remained
exile exile
Dragonstone Dragonstone
last last
remaining remaining
seat seat
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
destruction destruction
fleet fleet
gave gave
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
opportunity opportunity
take take
new new
Baratheon Baratheon
fleet fleet
capture capture
Dragonstone Dragonstone
garrison garrison
Dragonstone Dragonstone
however however
already already
willing willing
give give
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
spirited spirited
two two
remaining remaining
Targaryens Targaryens
away away
safety safety
prevent prevent
capture capture
AC AC
saw saw
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannisters Lannisters
pregnancy pregnancy
future future
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
ensuring ensuring
Baratheon Baratheon
Dynasty Dynasty
would would
able able
continue continue
realm realm
calmed calmed
Rebellion Rebellion
AC AC
marked marked
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Rebellion Rebellion
Lord Lord
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
wrongly wrongly
believed believed
lords lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
loyal loyal
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
previous previous
Targaryen Targaryen
monarchs monarch
Balon Balon
thus thus
proclaimed proclaimed
independence independence
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
crowned crowned
King King
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
help help
amongst amongst
others others
friend friend
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
defeated defeated
Balon Balon
crushing crushing
shortlived shortlived
rebellion rebellion
effectively effectively
AC AC
peace peace
returned returned
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
end end
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Rebellion Rebellion
AC AC
saw saw
first first
recorded recorded
activity activity
Others Others
thousands thousand
years year
well well
good good
fortune fortune
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
sister sister
Daenerys Daenerys
Magister Magister
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
Pentos Pentos
took took
care care
would would
eventually eventually
lead lead
marriage marriage
Daenerys Daenerys
Khal Khal
Drogo Drogo
would would
create create
worries worry
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
AC AC
saw saw
death death
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Hand Hand
King King
sixteen sixteen
years year
King King
Robert Robert
entrusted entrusted
post post
childhood childhood
friend friend
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
engaged engaged
heir heir
Joffrey Joffrey
Eddards Eddards
eldest eldest
daughter daughter
Sansa Sansa
Robert Robert
died died
hunting hunting
accident accident
Eddard Eddard
denounced denounced
Queen Queen
Cerseis Cerseis
children child
actually actually
bastards bastard
could could
inherit inherit
throne throne
Eddard Eddard
beheaded beheaded
treason treason
Joffrey Joffrey
crowned crowned
Several Several
nobles noble
opposed opposed
new new
king king
open open
revolt revolt
setting setting
stage stage
conflict conflict
would would
known known
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
AC AC
marked marked
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
saw saw
major major
battles battle
conflict conflict
year year
three three
claimants claimant
died died
Renly Renly
killed killed
camp camp
sorcery sorcery
Balon Balon
fell fell
death death
bridge bridge
Robb Robb
murdered murdered
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Stannis Stannis
options option
suffered suffered
severe severe
blowback blowback
defeated defeated
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
leaving leaving
LannisterTyrell LannisterTyrell
alliance alliance
victors victor
war war
alliance alliance
cemented cemented
betrothal betrothal
Joffrey Joffrey
Margaery Margaery
scheduled scheduled
first first
day day
year year
AC AC
Meanwhile Meanwhile
Essos Essos
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
gave gave
birth birth
three three
dragon dragon
hatchlings hatchling
AC AC
started started
wedding wedding
death death
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
took took
place place
first first
day day
year year
brother brother
Tommen Tommen
crowned crowned
shortly shortly
thereafter thereafter
married married
widowed widowed
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
preserving preserving
alliance alliance
houses house
Lannister Lannister
Tyrell Tyrell
ensured ensured
stability stability
realm realm
However However
murders murder
Tywin Tywin
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
rise rise
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
invasion invasion
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
left left
Westeros Westeros
turmoil turmoil
Hoster Hoster
Frey Frey
member member
House House
Frey Frey
eldest eldest
child child
Ser Ser
Whalen Whalen
Frey Frey
Sylwa Sylwa
Paege Paege
squire squire
Ser Ser
Damon Damon
Paege Paege
Appendix Appendix
quickglance quickglance
site site
information information
characters character
Within Within
appendix appendix
list list
characters character
general general
associations association
JOFFREY JOFFREY
BARATHEON BARATHEON
First First
Name Name
boy boy
thirteen thirteen
years year
eldest eldest
son son
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
House House
Lannister Lannister
King King
Joffreys Joffreys
banner banner
shows show
crowned crowned
stag stag
Baratheon Baratheon
black black
gold gold
lion lion
Lannister Lannister
gold gold
crimson crimson
combatant combatant
STANNIS STANNIS
BARATHEON BARATHEON
First First
Name Name
older older
King King
Roberts Roberts
brothers brother
formerly formerly
Lord Lord
Dragonstone Dragonstone
secondborn secondborn
son son
Lord Lord
Steffon Steffon
Baratheon Baratheon
Lady Lady
Cassana Cassana
House House
Estermont Estermont
King King
Stannis Stannis
taken taken
banner banner
fiery fiery
heart heart
Lord Lord
Light Light
red red
heart heart
surrounded surrounded
orange orange
flames flame
upon upon
bright bright
yellow yellow
field field
Within Within
heart heart
pictured pictured
crowned crowned
stag stag
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
black black
RENLY RENLY
BARATHEON BARATHEON
First First
Name Name
younger younger
King King
Roberts Roberts
brothers brother
formerly formerly
Lord Lord
Storms Storms
End End
thirdborn thirdborn
son son
Lord Lord
Steffon Steffon
Baratheon Baratheon
Lady Lady
Cassana Cassana
House House
Estermont Estermont
King King
Renlys Renlys
banner banner
crowned crowned
stag stag
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
Storms Storms
End End
black black
upon upon
gold gold
field field
banner banner
flown flown
brother brother
King King
Robert Robert
ROBB ROBB
STARK STARK
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
King King
North North
eldest eldest
son son
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
Lady Lady
Catelyn Catelyn
House House
Tully Tully
boy boy
fifteen fifteen
years year
banner banner
King King
North North
remains remains
thousands thousand
years year
grey grey
direwolf direwolf
Starks Starks
Winterfell Winterfell
running running
across across
icewhite icewhite
field field
DAENERYS DAENERYS
TARGARYEN TARGARYEN
called called
Daenerys Daenerys
Stormborn Stormborn
Unburnt Unburnt
Mother Mother
Dragons Dragons
Khaleesi Khaleesi
Dothraki Dothraki
First First
Name Name
sole sole
surviving surviving
child child
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sisterwife sisterwife
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
widow widow
fourteen fourteen
years year
banner banner
Targaryens Targaryens
banner banner
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
conquered conquered
six six
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
founded founded
dynasty dynasty
made made
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
swords sword
conquered conquered
enemies enemy
threeheaded threeheaded
dragon dragon
red red
black black
House House
Arryn Arryn
declared declared
none none
rival rival
claimants claimant
outbreak outbreak
war war
kept kept
strength strength
back back
protect protect
Eyrie Eyrie
Vale Vale
Arryn Arryn
Arryn Arryn
sigil sigil
moonandfalcon moonandfalcon
white white
upon upon
skyblue skyblue
field field
Arryn Arryn
words word
High High
Honor Honor
ROBERT ROBERT
ARRYN ARRYN
Lord Lord
Eyrie Eyrie
Defender Defender
Vale Vale
Warden Warden
East East
sickly sickly
boy boy
eight eight
years year
Florents Florents
Brightwater Brightwater
Keep Keep
sworn sworn
bannermen bannermen
Highgarden Highgarden
followed followed
Tyrells Tyrells
declaring declaring
King King
Renly Renly
also also
kept kept
foot foot
camp camp
however however
since since
Stanniss Stanniss
queen queen
Florent Florent
uncle uncle
castellan castellan
Dragonstone Dragonstone
sigil sigil
House House
Florent Florent
shows show
fox fox
head head
circle circle
flowers flower
ALESTER ALESTER
FLORENT FLORENT
Lord Lord
Brightwater Brightwater
Powerful Powerful
wealthy wealthy
numerous numerous
Freys Freys
bannermen bannermen
House House
Tully Tully
swords sword
sworn sworn
service service
Riverrun Riverrun
always always
diligent diligent
performing performing
duty duty
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
met met
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Trident Trident
Freys Freys
arrive arrive
battle battle
done done
thereafter thereafter
Lord Lord
Hoster Hoster
Tully Tully
always always
called called
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
Late Late
Lord Lord
Frey Frey
Lord Lord
Frey Frey
agreed agreed
support support
cause cause
King King
North North
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
agreed agreed
betrothal betrothal
promising promising
marry marry
one one
daughters daughter
granddaughters granddaughter
war war
done done
Lord Lord
Walder Walder
known known
ninetyone ninetyone
name name
days day
recently recently
took took
eighth eighth
wife wife
girl girl
seventy seventy
years year
junior junior
said said
lord lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
could could
field field
army army
breeches breech
WALDER WALDER
FREY FREY
Lord Lord
Crossing Crossing
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
previously previously
led led
rebellion rebellion
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
put put
King King
Robert Robert
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Though Though
son son
Theon Theon
raised raised
Winterfell Winterfell
one one
Robb Robb
Starks Starks
supporters supporter
closest closest
companions companion
Lord Lord
Balon Balon
join join
northmen northman
marched marched
south south
riverlands riverlands
Greyjoy Greyjoy
sigil sigil
golden golden
kraken kraken
upon upon
black black
field field
words word
Sow Sow
BALON BALON
GREYJOY GREYJOY
Lord Lord
Iron Iron
islands island
King King
Salt Salt
Rock Rock
Son Son
Sea Sea
Wind Wind
Lord Lord
Reaper Reaper
Pyke Pyke
captain captain
Great Great
Kraken Kraken
Lannisters Lannisters
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
remain remain
principal principal
support support
King King
Joffreys Joffreys
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
sigil sigil
golden golden
lion lion
upon upon
crimson crimson
field field
Lannister Lannister
words word
Hear Hear
Roar Roar
TYWIN TYWIN
LANNISTER LANNISTER
Lord Lord
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Warden Warden
West West
Shield Shield
Lannisport Lannisport
Hand Hand
King King
commanding commanding
Lannister Lannister
host host
Harrenhal Harrenhal
Dorne Dorne
last last
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
swear swear
fealty fealty
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Blood Blood
custom custom
history history
set set
Dornishmen Dornishmen
apart apart
kingdoms kingdom
war war
succession succession
broke broke
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
kept kept
silence silence
took took
part part
Martell Martell
banner banner
red red
sun sun
pierced pierced
golden golden
spear spear
words word
Unbowed Unbowed
Unbent Unbent
Unbroken Unbroken
DORAN DORAN
NYMEROS NYMEROS
MARTELL MARTELL
Lord Lord
Sunspear Sunspear
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
principal principal
houses house
sworn sworn
Sunspear Sunspear
include include
Jordayne Jordayne
Santagar Santagar
Allyrion Allyrion
Toland Toland
Yronwood Yronwood
Wyl Wyl
Fowler Fowler
Dayne Dayne
Lord Lord
Tyrell Tyrell
Highgarden Highgarden
declared declared
support support
King King
Renly Renly
Renlys Renlys
marriage marriage
daughter daughter
Margaery Margaery
brought brought
principal principal
bannermen bannermen
Renlys Renlys
cause cause
Tyrell Tyrell
sigil sigil
golden golden
rose rose
grassgreen grassgreen
field field
words word
Growing Growing
Strong Strong
MACE MACE
TYRELL TYRELL
Lord Lord
Highgarden Highgarden
Warden Warden
South South
Defender Defender
Marches Marches
High High
Marshal Marshal
Reach Reach
Hand Hand
King King
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
protects protects
realm realm
sworn sworn
take take
part part
civil civil
wars war
contests contest
throne throne
Traditionally Traditionally
times time
rebellion rebellion
honor honor
kings king
obey obey
none none
JEOR JEOR
MORMONT MORMONT
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
called called
OLD OLD
BEAR BEAR
COTTER COTTER
PYKE PYKE
Commander Commander
Eastwatch Eastwatch
SER SER
DENYS DENYS
MALLISTER MALLISTER
Commander Commander
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
Shyra Shyra
Errol Errol
Lady Lady
Haystack Haystack
Hall Hall
head head
House House
Errol Errol
Lady Lady
Shyra Shyra
supports support
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
Ser Ser
Cortnay Cortnay
Penrose Penrose
acknowledges acknowledges
Lord Lord
Errol Errol
parley parley
beneath beneath
walls wall
Storms Storms
End End
supports support
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
implying implying
Shyra Shyra
died died
event event
Sebastion Sebastion
Errol Errol
become become
Lord Lord
Haystack Haystack
Hall Hall
death death
Shyra Shyra
Print Print
Hardback Hardback
Paperback Paperback
audiobook audiobook
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
second second
seven seven
planned planned
novels novel
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
series series
American American
author author
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
first first
published published
November November
United United
Kingdom Kingdom
although although
first first
United United
States States
edition edition
follow follow
March March
May May
Meisha Meisha
Merlin Merlin
released released
muchdelayed muchdelayed
limited limited
edition edition
novel novel
fully fully
illustrated illustrated
John John
Howe Howe
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
also also
name name
first first
expansion expansion
board board
game game
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
picks pick
story story
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
leaves leaf
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
plagued plagued
civil civil
war war
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
mounts mount
reconnaissance reconnaissance
force force
north north
Wall Wall
distant distant
east east
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
continues continues
quest quest
return return
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
claim claim
birthright birthright
novel novel
spans span
year year
AC AC
Conquest Conquest
civil civil
war war
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
complicates complicates
Greyjoys Greyjoys
make make
entrance entrance
Robb Robb
Starks Starks
attempts attempt
secure secure
alliance alliance
Greyjoys Greyjoys
rebuffed rebuffed
answered answered
massive massive
assault assault
along along
west west
coast coast
North North
Ironborn Ironborn
raiders raider
seize seize
control control
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Torrhens Torrhens
Square Square
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
whilst whilst
raiding raiding
Stony Stony
Shore Shore
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
left left
charge charge
castle castle
begins begin
suffering suffering
strange strange
dreams dream
finds find
two two
new new
friends friend
Jojen Jojen
Meera Meera
Reed Reed
children child
Eddard Eddard
Starks Starks
close close
friend friend
Lord Lord
Howland Howland
arrive arrive
Greywater Greywater
Watch Watch
take take
interest interest
dreams dream
Meanwhile Meanwhile
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
declares declares
King King
Westeros Westeros
support support
lords lord
narrow narrow
sea sea
Melisandre Melisandre
red red
priestess priestess
eastern eastern
god god
Rhllor Rhllor
Enraged Enraged
brother brother
Renly Renly
also also
makes make
claim claim
throne throne
Stannis Stannis
chooses chooses
besiege besiege
home home
castle castle
Storms Storms
End End
force force
Renly Renly
march march
east east
treat treat
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
journeyed journeyed
south south
discuss discus
possible possible
alliance alliance
Lannisters Lannisters
also also
accompanies accompanies
Renly Renly
ensuing ensuing
parley parley
ends end
acrimony acrimony
Renly Renly
resolves resolve
destroy destroy
brother brother
larger larger
army army
However However
without without
warning warning
mysterious mysterious
shadow shadow
comes come
life life
Renlys Renlys
tent tent
kills kill
Shocked Shocked
Catelyn Catelyn
witness witness
warriormaid warriormaid
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
flee flee
scene scene
lost lost
Renly Renly
storm storm
lords lord
choice choice
declare declare
Stannis Stannis
Storms Storms
End End
falls fall
however however
Stanniss Stanniss
loyal loyal
Ser Ser
Davos Davos
former former
smuggler smuggler
sneaks sneak
Melisandre Melisandre
castle castle
small small
boat boat
horror horror
Melisandre Melisandre
gives give
birth birth
shadow shadow
enters enters
Storms Storms
End End
slays slays
stubborn stubborn
castellan castellan
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
arrives arrives
act act
Hand Hand
Lord Lord
Tywins Tywins
stead stead
Whilst Whilst
intriguing intriguing
sister sister
Cersei Cersei
Tyrion Tyrion
improves improves
citys city
defenses defense
Learning Learning
Renlys Renlys
death death
Tyrion Tyrion
resolves resolve
two two
courses course
action action
Knowing Knowing
Tyrells Tyrells
happy happy
following following
Stannis Stannis
decides decides
make make
better better
offer offer
also also
resolves resolve
bring bring
Martells Martells
Dorne Dorne
war war
side side
sends sends
Littlefinger Littlefinger
treat treat
Tyrells Tyrells
sends sends
messengers messenger
Dorne Dorne
wins win
Littlefingers Littlefingers
support support
promising promising
make make
Lord Lord
Harrenhal Harrenhal
negotiations negotiation
solidified solidified
marriage marriage
arrangements arrangement
Lord Lord
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
agrees agrees
wed wed
daughter daughter
Margaery Margaery
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
whilst whilst
Prince Prince
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
agrees agrees
marry marry
son son
Trystane Trystane
Joffreys Joffreys
sister sister
Myrcella Myrcella
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
leads lead
small small
force force
ironmen ironman
north north
captures capture
Winterfell Winterfell
taking taking
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
captive captive
Theons Theons
sister sister
Asha Asha
suggests suggests
raze raze
castle castle
flee flee
northmen northman
arrive arrive
reclaim reclaim
Theon Theon
petulantly petulantly
tries try
hold hold
onto onto
new new
castle castle
Eventually Eventually
strong strong
force force
northmen northman
arrive arrive
discover discover
appear appear
corpses corps
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
However However
disgusted disgusted
besiegers besieger
begin begin
mount mount
assault assault
Winterfell Winterfell
contingent contingent
House House
Bolton Bolton
led led
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Boltons Boltons
bastard bastard
son son
Ramsay Ramsay
Snow Snow
turn turn
northmen northman
drive drive
Theon Theon
eagerly eagerly
opens open
gates gate
new new
allies ally
betrayed betrayed
taken taken
captive captive
Winterfell Winterfell
burned burned
Boltons Boltons
return return
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Shortly Shortly
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
emerge emerge
hiding hiding
unharmed unharmed
decide decide
split split
Osha Osha
wildling wildling
woman woman
serving serving
Winterfell Winterfell
agrees agrees
take take
Rickon Rickon
safety safety
whilst whilst
Bran Bran
Reeds Reeds
travel travel
north north
Wall Wall
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
leads lead
northern northern
army army
westerlands westerlands
emerges emerges
victorious victorious
number number
battles battle
Lannister Lannister
forces force
winning winning
battle battle
Oxcross Oxcross
storming storming
Ashemark Ashemark
Crag Crag
Tywin Tywin
reluctantly reluctantly
emerges emerges
Harrenhal Harrenhal
attempts attempt
pass pas
fords ford
near near
Riverrun Riverrun
stopped stopped
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
Catelyns Catelyns
brother brother
infirm infirm
Lord Lord
Hosters Hosters
heir heir
Although Although
prevents prevents
Lannisters Lannisters
falling falling
Robbs Robbs
rear rear
allows allows
rapidly rapidly
march march
south south
join join
new new
allies ally
Tyrells Tyrells
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
posing posing
boy boy
named named
Arry Arry
taken taken
north north
Yoren Yoren
new new
recruit recruit
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
However However
attacked attacked
Lannister Lannister
freeriders freeriders
led led
Ser Ser
Amory Amory
Lorch Lorch
Yoren Yoren
killed killed
town town
shores shore
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
Arya Arya
escapes escape
along along
Gendry Gendry
Hot Hot
Pie Pie
Lommy Lommy
Greenhands Greenhands
process process
saves save
lives life
Jaqen Jaqen
Hghar Hghar
Rorge Rorge
Biter Biter
three three
criminals criminal
Yoren Yoren
bringing bringing
Wall Wall
run run
Shortly Shortly
Arya Arya
Gendry Gendry
Hot Hot
Pie Pie
captured captured
men men
command command
Gregor Gregor
Clegane Clegane
Lommy Lommy
wounded wounded
killed killed
taken taken
Harrenhal Harrenhal
put put
work work
servants servant
undermanned undermanned
castle castle
Whilst Whilst
Arya Arya
poses pose
servant servant
Harrenhal Harrenhal
going going
name name
Weasel Weasel
Hghar Hghar
Rorge Rorge
Biter Biter
reappear reappear
members member
Brave Brave
Companions Companions
saving saving
life life
attack attack
Hghar Hghar
promises promise
repay repay
Arya Arya
killing killing
three three
men men
choice choice
three three
choices choice
Arya Arya
selects selects
Chiswyck Chiswyck
soldier soldier
Gregor Gregor
Cleganes Cleganes
forces force
Weese Weese
servant servant
overseer overseer
Jaqen Jaqen
Hghar Hghar
first first
two two
murders murder
carries carry
without without
question question
lieu lieu
third third
choice choice
Arya Arya
leverages leverage
Hghar Hghar
help help
slay slay
Lannister Lannister
soldiers soldier
guarding guarding
Robett Robett
Glover Glover
taken taken
prisoner prisoner
Brave Brave
Companions Companions
Glover Glover
freed freed
Brave Brave
Companions Companions
turn turn
cloaks cloak
join join
North North
Control Control
Harrenhal Harrenhal
ceded ceded
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
Arya Arya
serves serf
cupbearer cupbearer
Hghar Hghar
gives give
gives give
Arya Arya
mysterious mysterious
iron iron
coin coin
tells tell
find find
Braavos Braavos
ever ever
desire desire
learn learn
secrets secret
adopts adopts
new new
identity identity
leaves leaf
Bolton Bolton
executes executes
Lorch Lorch
castles castle
bear bear
pit pit
orders order
Northern Northern
foot foot
army army
advance advance
Duskendale Duskendale
threaten threaten
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
north north
informing informing
orders order
come come
directly directly
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Arya Arya
kills kill
one one
Rooses Rooses
guards guard
escapes escape
Harrenhal Harrenhal
Gendry Gendry
Hot Hot
Pie Pie
Stannis Stannis
Baratheons Baratheons
army army
reaches reach
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
combined combined
assault assault
launched launched
land land
sea sea
Tyrion Tyrion
traps trap
Baratheon Baratheon
fleet fleet
mouth mouth
Blackwater Blackwater
Rush Rush
huge huge
chain chain
destroys destroys
Stanniss Stanniss
fleet fleet
detonating detonating
barrels barrel
wildfire wildfire
nearby nearby
ships ship
Despite Despite
heavy heavy
losses loss
Stannis Stannis
men men
establish establish
foothold foothold
north north
shore shore
brave brave
sally sally
led led
Tyrion Tyrion
dislodges dislodges
Tyrion Tyrion
nearly nearly
killed killed
betrayed betrayed
one one
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ser Ser
Mandon Mandon
Moore Moore
saved saved
squire squire
Podrick Podrick
Payne Payne
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
ends end
Stannis Stannis
unexpectedly unexpectedly
flanked flanked
Tywin Tywin
Tyrells Tyrells
barely barely
manages manages
escape escape
thousand thousand
soldiers soldier
handful handful
ships ship
Riverrun Riverrun
Catelyns Catelyns
grieves grief
supposed supposed
death death
sons son
Rickon Rickon
Bran Bran
questioning questioning
captive captive
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
reaches reach
sword sword
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
advances advance
northwards northward
Wall Wall
haunted haunted
forest forest
stop stop
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
wildling wildling
man man
named named
Craster Craster
serves serf
informant informant
Watch Watch
continue continue
north north
make make
camp camp
ruined ruined
fortress fortress
known known
Fist Fist
First First
Men Men
serves serf
strong strong
defensive defensive
position position
Concerned Concerned
whereabouts whereabouts
activities activity
KingbeyondtheWall KingbeyondtheWall
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
sends sends
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Qhorin Qhorin
Halfhand Halfhand
reconnaissance reconnaissance
mission mission
Skirling Skirling
Pass Pass
pass pas
Jon Jon
Qhorin Qhorin
discover discover
much much
wildling wildling
activity activity
mountains mountain
However However
cornered cornered
Qhorin Qhorin
commands command
Jon Jon
infiltrate infiltrate
wildlings wildlings
pretending pretending
betray betray
Watch Watch
order order
convince convince
wildlings wildlings
Jon Jon
forced forced
kill kill
Halfhand Halfhand
wildling wildling
girl girl
named named
Ygritte Ygritte
agrees agrees
speak speak
Jons Jons
behalf behalf
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
advancing advancing
Wall Wall
army army
tens ten
thousands thousand
Despite Despite
three three
infant infant
dragons dragon
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryens Targaryens
followers follower
much much
reduced reduced
vast vast
Dothraki Dothraki
army army
formerly formerly
commanded commanded
husband husband
Khal Khal
Drogo Drogo
broken broken
individual individual
factions faction
left left
bloodriders bloodriders
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
hundred hundred
others others
Nevertheless Nevertheless
proclaim proclaim
MotherofDragons MotherofDragons
Unburnt Unburnt
swear swear
follow follow
Daenerys Daenerys
strikes strike
east east
across across
forbidding forbidding
red red
waste waste
loses loses
many many
followers follower
harsh harsh
conditions condition
stumbling stumbling
upon upon
ancient ancient
abandoned abandoned
city city
Vaes Vaes
Tolorro Tolorro
find find
clean clean
water water
fruit fruit
enjoy enjoy
muchneeded muchneeded
respite respite
Daeneryss Daeneryss
bloodriders bloodriders
scout scout
surrounding surrounding
region region
find find
safe safe
route route
great great
trading trading
city city
Qarth Qarth
Jade Jade
Sea Sea
Qartheen Qartheen
dote dote
Daenerys Daenerys
dragons dragon
attempts attempt
secure secure
help help
claiming claiming
throne throne
Westeros Westeros
succeed succeed
goes go
House House
Undying Undying
form form
alliance alliance
powerful powerful
warlocks warlock
instead instead
shown shown
confusing confusing
disturbing disturbing
images image
dragon dragon
Drogon Drogon
burns burn
House House
Undying Undying
sparking sparking
enmity enmity
Qartheen Qartheen
encouraging encouraging
Daenerys Daenerys
leave leave
city city
assassin assassin
hired hired
warlocks warlock
attempts attempt
kill kill
Daenerys Daenerys
citys city
harbor harbor
thwarted thwarted
arrival arrival
two two
strangers stranger
fat fat
warrior warrior
named named
Strong Strong
Belwas Belwas
squire squire
old old
hale hale
warrior warrior
named named
Arstan Arstan
Whitebeard Whitebeard
claim claim
agents agent
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
come come
take take
Daenerys Daenerys
back back
Pentos Pentos
Daenerys Daenerys
agrees agrees
accompany accompany
back back
Free Free
Cities Cities
tale tale
told told
eyes eye
nine nine
POV POV
characters character
oneoff oneoff
prologue prologue
POV POV
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
adapted adapted
television television
HBO HBO
second second
season season
successful successful
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Filming Filming
began began
July July
first first
episode episode
Season Season
aired aired
April April
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
garrison garrison
Gold Gold
cloaks cloak
Kingsguard Kingsguard
CrownlandsN CrownlandsN
Vale Vale
mountain mountain
clans clan
Relief Relief
force force
late late
battle battle
Westerlands Westerlands
led led
House House
LannisterN LannisterN
Reach Reach
led led
House House
TyrellN TyrellN
Crownlands Crownlands
StormlandsN StormlandsN
Reach Reach
Salladhor Salladhor
Saans Saans
pirate pirate
fleet fleet
Lysene Lysene
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
WIA WIA
Lord Lord
Jacelyn Jacelyn
Bywater† Bywater†
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Ser Ser
Guyard Guyard
Morrigen† Morrigen†
Ser Ser
Rolland Rolland
Storm Storm
Lannister Lannister
navy navy
ships ship
Relief Relief
force force
Fleet Fleet
shipsN shipsN
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
garrison garrison
Heavy Heavy
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
navy navy
Heavy Heavy
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
largest largest
battle battle
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
fought fought
forces force
loyal loyal
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
king king
holding holding
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
loyal loyal
uncle uncle
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
controls control
narrow narrow
sea sea
eliminating eliminating
younger younger
brother brother
Renly Renly
rival rival
claimant claimant
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Stannis Stannis
gains gain
loyalty loyalty
nearly nearly
lords lord
stormlands stormlands
many many
Reach Reach
Stannis Stannis
advances advance
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
land land
sea sea
intent intent
seizing seizing
city city
taking taking
control control
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Convinced Convinced
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheons Baratheons
son son
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
believes belief
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
true true
one one
However However
lacks lack
strength strength
attack attack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Houses Houses
sworn sworn
Dragonstone Dragonstone
rocky rocky
volcanic volcanic
islands island
surrounding surrounding
Dragonstone Dragonstone
sparse sparse
population population
men men
stormlands stormlands
given given
support support
younger younger
brother brother
Renly Renly
Lord Lord
Storms Storms
End End
proclaimed proclaimed
king king
well well
Additionally Additionally
Renly Renly
taken taken
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
wife wife
earned earned
support support
men men
Reach Reach
well well
Melisandre Melisandre
red red
priestess priestess
Dragonstone Dragonstone
tells tell
Stannis Stannis
two two
futures future
seen seen
flames flame
one one
Stannis Stannis
defeated defeated
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
brother brother
Renly Renly
one one
sails sail
Storms Storms
End End
brother brother
shall shall
die die
men men
flock flock
Stannis Stannis
Stannis Stannis
arrives arrives
stormlands stormlands
five five
thousand thousand
men men
lays lay
siege siege
coastal coastal
fortress fortress
Storms Storms
End End
Renlys Renlys
seat seat
Renly Renly
Bitterbridge Bitterbridge
army army
news news
reaches reach
camp camp
splits split
forces force
rides ride
twenty twenty
thousand thousand
cavalry cavalry
Storms Storms
End End
break break
siege siege
failed failed
parlay parlay
neither neither
brother brother
yield yield
battle battle
set set
dawn dawn
However However
night night
Renly Renly
killed killed
shadow shadow
assassin assassin
summoned summoned
Melisandre Melisandre
Renly Renly
dead dead
majority majority
host host
accompanied accompanied
Storms Storms
End End
swears swears
allegiance allegiance
Stannis Stannis
House House
Florent Florent
branches branch
House House
Fossoway Fossoway
also also
defect defect
Stannis Stannis
fifth fifth
Renlys Renlys
knights knight
returns return
Bitterbridge Bitterbridge
Ser Ser
Loras Loras
Tyrell Tyrell
siege siege
Storms Storms
End End
continues continues
castellan castellan
Ser Ser
Cortnay Cortnay
Penrose Penrose
refuses refuse
yield yield
castle castle
Stannis Stannis
fears fear
safety safety
King King
Roberts Roberts
bastard bastard
son son
Edric Edric
Storm Storm
end end
siege siege
quickly quickly
Ser Ser
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
smuggles smuggles
Melisandre Melisandre
castle castle
boat boat
summons summons
another another
shadow shadow
assassinate assassinate
Cortnay Cortnay
Cortnays Cortnays
death death
castle castle
yields yield
leaving leaving
Stannis Stannis
free free
advance advance
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Sixty Sixty
thousand thousand
men men
Renlys Renlys
army army
still still
encamped encamped
Bitterbridge Bitterbridge
news news
Renlys Renlys
death death
reaches reach
fighting fighting
breaks break
Stannis Stannis
supporters supporter
Renlys Renlys
loyalists loyalist
led led
vengeful vengeful
Loras Loras
Tyrell Tyrell
Parmen Parmen
Crane Crane
Erren Erren
Florent Florent
two two
knights knight
sent sent
Stannis Stannis
retrieve retrieve
army army
taken taken
prisoner prisoner
Lord Lord
Randyll Randyll
Tarly Tarly
seizes seizes
supplies supply
puts put
many many
men men
mostly mostly
Florents Florents
death death
fighting fighting
Bitterbridge Bitterbridge
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
small small
council council
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
decides decides
attempt attempt
make make
alliance alliance
House House
Tyrell Tyrell
offering offering
marry marry
Joffrey Joffrey
Margaery Margaery
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
representing representing
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
travels travel
Bitterbridge Bitterbridge
wins win
allegiance allegiance
House House
Tyrell Tyrell
Riders Riders
sent sent
north north
warn warn
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Stanniss Stanniss
threat threat
capital capital
Meanwhile Meanwhile
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
attacks attack
westerlands westerlands
hoping hoping
lure lure
Tywin Tywin
residing residing
Harrenhal Harrenhal
twenty twenty
thousand thousand
men men
away away
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
King King
Stannis Stannis
attacks attack
city city
south south
Stanniss Stanniss
victory victory
would would
mean mean
end end
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
acting acting
Hand Hand
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
breaking breaking
Lannister Lannister
power power
Tywin Tywin
begins begin
march march
west west
Ser Ser
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
unaware unaware
Robbs Robbs
plan plan
refuses refuse
allow allow
Lannisters Lannisters
cross cross
Trident Trident
without without
giving giving
battle battle
places place
army army
eleven eleven
thousand thousand
men men
key key
fords ford
along along
Red Red
Fork Fork
several several
probing probing
attacks attack
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
attempts attempt
force force
crossing crossing
dozen dozen
places place
Unable Unable
cross cross
river river
Tywin Tywin
forced forced
retreat retreat
Battle Battle
Fords Fords
delays delay
Tywin Tywin
long long
enough enough
riders rider
Bitterbridge Bitterbridge
reach reach
word word
Stanniss Stanniss
threat threat
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
preparation preparation
defense defense
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
arranged arranged
production production
vast vast
amounts amount
wildfire wildfire
Tyrion Tyrion
commissioned commissioned
great great
chain chain
boom boom
across across
mouth mouth
Blackwater Blackwater
Rush Rush
City City
Watch Watch
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
tripled tripled
size size
sellswords sellswords
hired hired
contingents contingent
soldiers soldier
send send
Rosby Rosby
Stokeworth Stokeworth
hundreds hundred
scorpions scorpion
spitfires spitfire
catapults catapult
constructed constructed
placed placed
walls wall
Tyrion Tyrion
sends sends
hundred hundred
fifty fifty
Vale Vale
mountain mountain
clansmen clansman
harass harass
Stanniss Stanniss
flanks flank
kill kill
scouts scout
kingswood kingswood
Stanniss Stanniss
vanguard vanguard
arrives arrives
city city
early early
Joffreys Joffreys
war war
galleys galley
dispatched dispatched
exchange exchange
arrows arrow
forces force
vanguard vanguard
said said
five five
thousand thousand
men men
flying flying
banners banner
Houses Houses
Fossoway Fossoway
Estermont Estermont
Florent Florent
command command
Ser Ser
Guyard Guyard
Morrigen Morrigen
Treacherous Treacherous
waters water
inclement inclement
weather weather
delay delay
Stanniss Stanniss
fleet fleet
northward northward
journey journey
Storms Storms
End End
dozen dozen
ships ship
lost lost
journey journey
Blackwater Blackwater
Bay Bay
Stannis Stannis
gives give
command command
fleet fleet
Ser Ser
Imry Imry
Florent Florent
commands command
Stanniss Stanniss
galley galley
Fury Fury
Stannis Stannis
south south
side side
Blackwater Blackwater
host host
making making
create create
arrows arrow
rafts raft
battle battle
opens open
Stanniss Stanniss
admiral admiral
Ser Ser
Imry Imry
Florent Florent
leads lead
Stannis Stannis
fleet fleet
river river
engage engage
Joffreys Joffreys
ships ship
enter enter
visual visual
range range
city city
late late
afternoon afternoon
Confident Confident
superior superior
numbers number
knowing knowing
fleet fleet
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
can can
not not
hope hope
contest contest
Ser Ser
Imry Imry
send send
scouts scout
ahead ahead
attacks attack
immediately immediately
leaving leaving
Lysene Lysene
galleys galley
Salladhor Salladhor
Saan Saan
rearguard rearguard
Blackwater Blackwater
Bay Bay
fleet fleet
organized organized
ten ten
battle battle
lines line
composed composed
twenty twenty
ships ship
first first
three three
lines line
made made
war war
galleys galley
belonging belonging
royal royal
navy navy
lords lord
narrow narrow
sea sea
Behind Behind
sails sail
smaller smaller
Myrish Myrish
contingent contingent
land land
troops troop
attack attack
city city
joining joining
first first
three three
lines line
battle battle
smaller smaller
slower slower
sailed sailed
ships ship
ferry ferry
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
Ser Ser
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
realizes realizes
two two
watchtowers watchtower
mouth mouth
Blackwater Blackwater
Rush Rush
newly newly
build build
notices notice
chain chain
water water
fleet fleet
continues continues
forward forward
nonetheless nonetheless
within within
city city
pots pot
pitch pitch
flung flung
ships ship
trebuchets trebuchet
located located
within within
city city
start start
fling fling
stones stone
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
ordered ordered
several several
Joffreys Joffreys
ships ship
filled filled
wildfire wildfire
Stannis Stannis
fleet fleet
lured lured
bay bay
Joffreys Joffreys
pull pull
back back
engage engage
fleet fleet
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
ships ship
river river
soon soon
afire afire
wildfire wildfire
destroys destroys
nearly nearly
every every
ship ship
fleets fleet
horror horror
men men
Stannis Stannis
ship ship
discover discover
great great
chain chain
raised raised
behind behind
cutting cutting
retreat retreat
However However
Ser Ser
Imrys Imrys
first first
two two
battle battle
lines line
well well
upstream upstream
fire fire
hulks hulk
went went
thirty thirty
forty forty
galleys galley
able able
escape escape
inferno inferno
first first
Eight Eight
ships ship
manage manage
land land
city city
walls wall
put put
men men
ashore ashore
many many
Myrmen Myrmen
escape escape
flames flame
sailing sailing
south south
bank bank
city city
defended defended
five five
thousand thousand
seven seven
hundred hundred
gold gold
cloaksN cloaksN
leavened leavened
eight eight
hundred hundred
mercenaries mercenary
three three
hundred hundred
knights knight
squires squire
menatarms menatarms
court court
surrounding surrounding
crownlands crownlands
acting acting
Hand Hand
King King
command command
defense defense
taken taken
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
start start
battle battle
small small
skirmishes skirmish
arise arise
within within
city city
drunkards drunkard
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
smash smash
doors door
climb climb
houses house
Lord Lord
Jacelyn Jacelyn
Bywater Bywater
sends sends
gold gold
cloaks cloak
deal deal
rich rich
merchants merchant
gather gather
square square
Red Red
Keep Keep
asking asking
refuge refuge
castle castle
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
commands command
gates gate
kept kept
close close
Tyrion Tyrion
tasks task
several several
groups group
mounted mounted
menatarms menatarms
along along
knights knight
city city
harry harry
Stanniss Stanniss
forces force
come come
ashore ashore
command command
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
Ser Ser
Balon Balon
Swann Swann
Kingsguard Kingsguard
manage manage
help help
stem stem
tide tide
battle battle
drags drag
suffer suffer
grievous grievous
casualties casualty
Tyrion Tyrion
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
look look
Mud Mud
Gate Gate
fleet fleet
goes go
flames flame
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
leaves leaf
shoot shoot
Antler Antler
Men Men
trebuchets trebuchet
guarded guarded
Ser Ser
Meryn Meryn
Trant Trant
Ser Ser
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
Tyrion Tyrion
learns learns
Stannis Stannis
men men
landed landed
tourney tourney
grounds ground
preparing preparing
ram ram
Kings Kings
Gate Gate
arrives arrives
Mud Mud
Gate Gate
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
already already
led led
three three
sorties sortie
lost lost
half half
men men
refuses refuse
go go
wildfire wildfire
raging raging
across across
river river
robbed robbed
Clegane Clegane
courage courage
refusal refusal
lead lead
sorties sortie
threatens threatens
break break
morale morale
defenders defender
need need
hold hold
river river
costs cost
Tyrion Tyrion
decides decides
lead lead
next next
sortie sortie
Shamed Shamed
action action
dwarfs dwarf
display display
courage courage
several several
defenders defender
gather gather
Tyrions Tyrions
side side
Tyrion Tyrion
leading leading
sortie sortie
Kings Kings
Gate Gate
Mud Mud
Gate Gate
falls fall
attack attack
well well
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
orders order
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
still still
trebuchets trebuchet
near near
gate gate
brought brought
back back
castle castle
defenders defender
see see
king king
retire retire
morale morale
breaks break
begin begin
throwing throwing
spears spear
flee flee
hundreds hundred
leaving leaving
walls wall
killing killing
officers officer
including including
Ser Ser
Jacelyn Jacelyn
Bywater Bywater
process process
Tyrion Tyrion
manages manages
disperse disperse
attackers attacker
Kings Kings
Gate Gate
makes make
Mud Mud
Gate Gate
Ser Ser
Balon Balon
Swann Swann
points point
galleys galley
river river
smashed smashed
tangled tangled
together together
creating creating
bridge bridge
ships ship
used used
Stannis Stannis
boldest boldest
knights knight
cross cross
river river
take take
fight fight
riverfront riverfront
Tyrion Tyrion
eventually eventually
finds find
bridge bridge
ships ship
collapse collapse
severely severely
wounded wounded
Ser Ser
Mandon Mandon
Moore Moore
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Tyrions Tyrions
sworn sworn
shield shield
throughout throughout
battle battle
Moore Moore
killed killed
Tyrions Tyrions
squire squire
Podrick Podrick
Payne Payne
bridge bridge
breaking breaking
Hand Hand
lost lost
battle battle
defenders defender
retreat retreat
within within
city city
walls wall
point point
hours hour
resistance resistance
battle battle
seems seems
lost lost
Tyrion Tyrion
though though
time time
also also
sees see
Stanniss Stanniss
army army
seemingly seemingly
fighting fighting
side side
river river
learned learned
Stannis Stannis
approaching approaching
attack attack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
alliance alliance
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
House House
Lannister Lannister
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
marched marched
host host
south south
Near Near
headwaters headwater
Blackwater Blackwater
Rush Rush
joins join
Lords Lords
Mathis Mathis
Rowan Rowan
Randyll Randyll
Tarly Tarly
force force
march march
Tumblers Tumblers
Falls Falls
find find
Lord Lord
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
sons son
wait wait
huge huge
host host
fleet fleet
barges barge
Together Together
Lannisters Lannisters
Tyrells Tyrells
float float
river river
disembark disembark
half half
days day
ride ride
capital capital
arrive arrive
battle battle
scene scene
dusk dusk
taking taking
Stannis Stannis
army army
rear rear
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
leads lead
right right
wing wing
north north
side side
river river
Randyll Randyll
Tarly Tarly
commands command
center center
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
left left
However However
vanguard vanguard
led led
Ser Ser
Garlan Garlan
Tyrell Tyrell
plunges plunge
Stannis Stannis
army army
Dressed Dressed
recognizable recognizable
armor armor
deceased deceased
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
former former
supporters supporter
convinced convinced
dead dead
lord lord
returned returned
abandon abandon
Stannis Stannis
Renlys Renlys
shade shade
kills kill
Ser Ser
Guyard Guyard
Morrigen Morrigen
leads lead
Stannis Stannis
van van
Seeing Seeing
battle battle
turned turned
bad bad
Salladhor Salladhor
Saan Saan
puts put
ships ship
kept kept
bay bay
along along
shore shore
taking taking
many many
people people
fit fit
Rolland Rolland
Storm Storm
leads lead
rearguard rearguard
action action
allowing allowing
Stannis Stannis
several several
hundreds hundred
men men
half half
Florents Florents
reach reach
ships ship
Saan Saan
’ ’
s s
ship ship
take take
limited limited
amount amount
men men
thousands thousand
left left
behind behind
due due
lack lack
space space
towards towards
end end
men men
begin begin
kill kill
get get
aboard aboard
escape escape
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
major major
defeat defeat
Stannis Stannis
retreats retreat
Dragonstone Dragonstone
fraction fraction
army army
Saan Saan
’ ’
s s
ships ship
captured captured
battle battle
bend bend
knee knee
Joffrey Joffrey
including including
men men
sworn sworn
Dragonstone Dragonstone
court court
session session
Ser Ser
Garlan Garlan
Tyrell Tyrell
publicly publicly
asks asks
Joffrey Joffrey
take take
sister sister
Margaery Margaery
bride bride
Joffrey Joffrey
previously previously
agreed agreed
upon upon
fakes fake
unwillingness unwillingness
break break
betrothal betrothal
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
High High
Septon Septon
small small
council council
agree agree
allowed allowed
Multiple Multiple
honors honor
rewards reward
given given
participants participant
survivors survivor
battle battle
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
small small
council council
wall wall
redhot redhot
steel steel
blazing blazing
wood wood
swirling swirling
green green
flame flame
stretched stretched
mouth mouth
Blackwater Blackwater
Rush Rush
turned turned
mouth mouth
hellWere hellWere
delivered delivered
sweetling sweetling
came came
roseroad roseroad
along along
riverbank riverbank
fields field
Stannis Stannis
burned burned
ashes ash
puffing puffing
around around
boots boot
turning turning
armor armor
grey grey
oh oh
banners banner
must must
bright bright
golden golden
rose rose
golden golden
lion lion
others others
Marbrand Marbrand
tree tree
Rowan Rowan
Tarlys Tarlys
huntsman huntsman
Redwyne Redwyne
grapes grape
Lady Lady
Oakhearts Oakhearts
leaf leaf
westermen westermen
power power
Highgarden Highgarden
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
right right
wing wing
north north
side side
river river
Randyll Randyll
Tarly Tarly
commanding commanding
center center
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
left left
vanguard vanguard
fight fight
plunged plunged
Stannis Stannis
like like
lance lance
pumpkin pumpkin
every every
man man
howling howling
like like
demon demon
steel steel
know know
led led
vanguard vanguard
Lord Lord
Renly Renly
Lord Lord
Renly Renly
green green
armor armor
fires fire
shimmering shimmering
golden golden
antlers antler
Lord Lord
Renly Renly
tall tall
spear spear
hand hand
say say
killed killed
Ser Ser
Guyard Guyard
Morrigen Morrigen
single single
combat combat
dozen dozen
great great
knights knight
well well
Renly Renly
Renly Renly
Renly Renly
Oh Oh
banners banner
darling darling
Sansa Sansa
Oh Oh
knightMy knightMy
hirelings hireling
betray betray
friends friend
scourged scourged
shamed shamed
lie lie
rotting rotting
thought thought
bloody bloody
battle battle
triumph triumph
tastes taste
likeThat likeThat
chain chain
cunningToo cunningToo
many many
good good
men men
died died
day day
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
head head
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Lord Lord
Dragonstone Dragonstone
secondborn secondborn
son son
Steffon Steffon
Baratheon Baratheon
Lord Lord
Storms Storms
End End
Lady Lady
Cassana Cassana
Estermont Estermont
older older
brother brother
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
younger younger
brother brother
Lord Lord
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
Stannis Stannis
serves serf
Roberts Roberts
small small
council council
master master
ships ship
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Stannis Stannis
played played
Stephen Stephen
Dillane Dillane
Like Like
brothers brother
Robert Robert
Renly Renly
Stannis Stannis
large large
man man
tall tall
broadshouldered broadshouldered
sinewy sinewy
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
notes note
Stannis Stannis
towers tower
Stannis Stannis
dark dark
blue blue
eyes eye
heavy heavy
brow brow
head head
fringe fringe
black black
hair hair
like like
shadow shadow
crown crown
closecropped closecropped
beard beard
across across
large large
jaw jaw
face face
tightness tightness
like like
cured cured
leather leather
hollow hollow
cheeks cheek
thin thin
pale pale
lips lip
grinds grind
teeth teeth
regularly regularly
Stannis Stannis
serious serious
stubborn stubborn
rarelyforgiving rarelyforgiving
hard hard
man man
strong strong
sense sense
duty duty
justice justice
proud proud
protective protective
honor honor
Stannis Stannis
accomplished accomplished
commander commander
sailor sailor
warrior warrior
thirst thirst
battle battle
instead instead
commanding commanding
rear rear
never never
affection affection
nobles noble
smallfolk smallfolk
adult adult
life life
Stannis Stannis
increasingly increasingly
embittered embittered
lack lack
affection affection
receives receives
Robert Robert
even even
though though
serves serf
king king
well well
Stannis Stannis
man man
easy easy
courtesies courtesy
always always
uncomfortable uncomfortable
around around
women woman
even even
wife wife
Lady Lady
Selyse Selyse
House House
Florent Florent
years year
served served
small small
council council
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
left left
wife wife
Dragonstone Dragonstone
wrote wrote
occasionally occasionally
visits visit
even even
fewer fewer
duty duty
marriage marriage
bed bed
twice twice
year year
took took
joy joy
Though Though
hoped hoped
sons son
daughter daughter
Shireen Shireen
Influenced Influenced
Melisandre Melisandre
Stannis Stannis
adopts adopts
new new
sigil sigil
depicts depicts
Baratheon Baratheon
stag stag
enclosed enclosed
within within
red red
heart heart
surrounded surrounded
orange orange
flame flame
Unlike Unlike
many many
noble noble
peers peer
Stannis Stannis
dresses dress
plainly plainly
sometimes sometimes
wears wear
grey grey
wool wool
tunic tunic
dark dark
red red
mantle mantle
plain plain
black black
leather leather
belt belt
hang hang
sword sword
dagger dagger
campaign campaign
wears wear
studded studded
leather leather
jerkin jerkin
quilted quilted
doublet doublet
worn worn
boots boot
breeches breech
brown brown
roughspun roughspun
belt belt
studded studded
garnets garnet
yellow yellow
topaz topaz
armor armor
includes includes
wool wool
boiled boiled
leather leather
grey grey
plate plate
inlaid inlaid
flaming flaming
heart heart
Stanniss Stanniss
squires squire
Devan Devan
Seaworth Seaworth
Bryen Bryen
Farring Farring
Ser Ser
Andrew Andrew
Estermont Estermont
served served
squire squire
years year
ago ago
Born Born
AC AC
Stannis Stannis
second second
son son
Lady Lady
Cassana Cassana
Estermont Estermont
Steffon Steffon
Baratheon Baratheon
Lord Lord
Storms Storms
End End
head head
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
older older
brother brother
Robert Robert
younger younger
brother brother
Renly Renly
Stannis Stannis
four four
years year
old old
father father
took took
brother brother
Robert Robert
court court
Stannis Stannis
believed believed
saw saw
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
holding holding
court court
Stannis Stannis
impressed impressed
Robert Robert
agreed agreed
king king
noble noble
dragons dragon
fearsome fearsome
years year
later later
Steffon Steffon
told told
Hand Hand
King King
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
seen seen
King King
Aerys Aerys
cut cut
throne throne
earlier earlier
day day
Tywin Tywin
taken taken
lad lad
Stannis Stannis
found found
injured injured
goshawk goshawk
nursed nursed
back back
health health
named named
bird bird
Proudwing Proudwing
brother brother
Robert Robert
called called
Weakwing Weakwing
would would
never never
fly fly
higher higher
treetops treetop
never never
soared soared
Robert Robert
owned owned
gyrfalcon gyrfalcon
named named
Thunderclap Thunderclap
never never
missed missed
strike strike
Eventually Eventually
Stanniss Stanniss
greatuncle greatuncle
Harbert Harbert
convinced convinced
abandon abandon
bird bird
stating stating
Stannis Stannis
making making
fool fool
Growing Growing
Stannis Stannis
always always
stood stood
shadow shadow
older older
brother brother
Whatever Whatever
Stannis Stannis
Robert Robert
done done
first first
better better
feelings feeling
remained remained
adulthood adulthood
Cressen Cressen
maester maester
Storms Storms
End End
came came
care care
deeply deeply
Stannis Stannis
moreso moreso
brothers brother
felt felt
Stannis Stannis
one one
needed needed
unloved unloved
three three
Even Even
youth youth
Stannis Stannis
introverted introverted
child child
mature mature
beyond beyond
years year
solemn solemn
joyless joyless
AC AC
Stanniss Stanniss
parents parent
sent sent
mission mission
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Volantis Volantis
find find
bride bride
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Stanniss Stanniss
cousin cousin
crown crown
prince prince
unsuccessful unsuccessful
Maester Maester
Cressen Cressen
remembers remembers
Lord Lord
Steffon Steffon
written written
fortnight fortnight
return return
stating stating
found found
splendid splendid
fool fool
Volantis Volantis
would would
delight delight
Robert Robert
might might
even even
teach teach
Stannis Stannis
laugh laugh
time time
Stannis Stannis
Robert Robert
present present
Storms Storms
End End
Steffon Steffon
Cassana Cassana
expected expected
return return
voyage voyage
looking looking
parapets parapet
castle castle
Windproud Windproud
came came
sight sight
Storms Storms
End End
two two
brothers brother
witnessed witnessed
ship ship
smashed smashed
rocks rock
Shipbreaker Shipbreaker
Bay Bay
swallowed swallowed
sea sea
Steffon Steffon
Cassana Cassana
drowning drowning
According According
Stannis Stannis
lost lost
faith faith
Seven Seven
day day
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
demanded demanded
heads head
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
executions execution
Rickard Rickard
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
instead instead
raised raised
banners banner
revolt revolt
Eddard Eddard
Robert Robert
returned returned
home home
call call
banners banner
resulting resulting
decision decision
Stannis Stannis
faced faced
whether whether
loyal loyal
older older
brother brother
liege liege
Robert Robert
king king
Aerys Aerys
difficult difficult
one one
Stannis Stannis
Storms Storms
End End
Robert Robert
returned returned
battles battle
Summerhall Summerhall
prisoners prisoner
kept kept
Storms Storms
End End
eventually eventually
befriended befriended
Stannis Stannis
warned warned
brother brother
men men
befriended befriended
men men
wanted wanted
deliver deliver
Aerys Aerys
burned burned
Stannis Stannis
would would
thrown thrown
dungeon dungeon
Robert Robert
made made
allies ally
Stannis Stannis
remained remained
behind behind
Storms Storms
End End
Robert Robert
marched marched
Robert Robert
defeated defeated
Ashford Ashford
forces force
Reach Reach
besieged besieged
Baratheon Baratheon
castle castle
Stannis Stannis
successfully successfully
held held
siege siege
Storms Storms
End End
Lords Lords
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
Paxter Paxter
Redwyne Redwyne
lasted lasted
major major
part part
war war
garrison garrison
held held
desperate desperate
conditions condition
avoiding avoiding
starvation starvation
timely timely
intervention intervention
notorious notorious
smuggler smuggler
Davos Davos
cargo cargo
onions onion
salt salt
fish fish
allowed allowed
hold hold
fortress fortress
siege siege
lifted lifted
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Stannis Stannis
knighted knighted
Davos Davos
taking taking
service service
allowed allowed
new new
landed landed
knight knight
choose choose
name name
Seaworth Seaworth
new new
house house
True True
Stanniss Stanniss
sense sense
justice justice
also also
punished punished
Davos Davos
crimes crime
smuggler smuggler
removing removing
first first
joint joint
finger finger
Davoss Davoss
left left
hand hand
payment payment
past past
crimes crime
Davos Davos
accepted accepted
punishment punishment
condition condition
Stannis Stannis
carry carry
sentence sentence
Stannis Stannis
using using
cleaver cleaver
cleaner cleaner
cut cut
Following Following
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
surrender surrender
Tyrells Tyrells
Storms Storms
End End
new new
king king
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
charged charged
brother brother
Stannis Stannis
building building
new new
royal royal
fleet fleet
seize seize
island island
Dragonstone Dragonstone
last last
stronghold stronghold
possession possession
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
fierce fierce
storm storm
destroyed destroyed
Targaryen Targaryen
fleet fleet
protecting protecting
island island
Dowager Dowager
Queen Queen
Rhaella Rhaella
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
labor labor
castle castle
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Targaryen Targaryen
loyalists loyalist
smuggled smuggled
two two
Targaryen Targaryen
children child
Viserys Viserys
Daenerys Daenerys
island island
Stanniss Stanniss
assault assault
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Robert Robert
blamed blamed
Stannis Stannis
letting letting
Targaryen Targaryen
heirs heir
escape escape
although although
two two
children child
spirited spirited
safety safety
Targaryen Targaryen
loyalists loyalist
shortly shortly
Stannis Stannis
set set
sail sail
Stannis Stannis
displeased displeased
discover discover
King King
Robert Robert
named named
Lord Lord
Dragonstone Dragonstone
instead instead
wealthier wealthier
Storms Storms
End End
given given
younger younger
brother brother
Renly Renly
young young
child child
time time
Stannis Stannis
resented resented
believed believed
intentional intentional
slight slight
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
agrees agrees
According According
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
however however
Robert Robert
necessarily necessarily
meant meant
castle castle
traditionally traditionally
seat seat
heir heir
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Prince Prince
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Targaryen Targaryen
dynasty dynasty
thenchildless thenchildless
Robert Robert
granting granting
heir heir
time time
Stannis Stannis
Lord Lord
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Stannis Stannis
became became
head head
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Stannis Stannis
appointed appointed
Roberts Roberts
small small
council council
master master
ships ship
years year
later later
wed wed
Lady Lady
Selyse Selyse
House House
Florent Florent
wedding wedding
King King
Robert Robert
deflowered deflowered
Delena Delena
Florent Florent
cousin cousin
Selyse Selyse
wedding wedding
bed bed
coupling coupling
led led
birth birth
Edric Edric
Storm Storm
officially officially
acknowledged acknowledged
bastard bastard
king king
Stannis Stannis
insisted insisted
boy boy
slight slight
upon upon
honor honor
wifes wife
house house
promptly promptly
shipped shipped
brother brother
Renly Renly
Storms Storms
End End
AC AC
Greyjoys Greyjoys
Rebellion Rebellion
Stannis Stannis
commanded commanded
royal royal
fleet fleet
trapped trapped
destroyed destroyed
much much
Iron Iron
Fleet Fleet
sea sea
battle battle
Fair Fair
Isle Isle
Afterwards Afterwards
subdued subdued
Great Great
Wyk Wyk
brothers brother
name name
also also
led led
fleet fleet
Sisterton Sisterton
suppress suppress
smuggling smuggling
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
Ser Ser
Axell Axell
Florent Florent
served served
Stanniss Stanniss
castellan castellan
Dragonstone Dragonstone
ten ten
years year
Stannis Stannis
away away
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Despite Despite
loyalty loyalty
service service
brother brother
Robert Robert
Stannis Stannis
always always
felt felt
underappreciated underappreciated
Robert Robert
Instead Instead
thanking thanking
Stannis Stannis
holding holding
Storms Storms
End End
Tyrells Tyrells
rebellion rebellion
Robert Robert
thanked thanked
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
lifting lifting
siege siege
Instead Instead
thanking thanking
Stannis Stannis
capturing capturing
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Robert Robert
blamed blamed
Stannis Stannis
escape escape
Targaryen Targaryen
children child
even even
though though
left left
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Stannis Stannis
set set
sail sail
Stannis Stannis
helped helped
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Roberts Roberts
Hand Hand
King King
ruling ruling
kingdom kingdom
received received
little little
acknowledgment acknowledgment
thanks thanks
elder elder
brother brother
spent spent
time time
hunting hunting
drinking drinking
whoring whoring
Stannis Stannis
felt felt
Storms Storms
End End
ancestral ancestral
seat seat
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
rights right
Robert Robert
took took
throne throne
told told
Robert Robert
multiple multiple
occasions occasion
due due
time time
Storms Storms
End End
given given
Renly Renly
instead instead
King King
Robert Robert
rejected rejected
Stanniss Stanniss
proposal proposal
outlaw outlaw
brothels brothel
Stannis Stannis
outlawed outlawed
prostitution prostitution
island island
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Eventually Eventually
Stannis Stannis
began began
suspect suspect
children child
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Prince Prince
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
actually actually
Roberts Roberts
Varys Varys
master master
whisperers whisperer
suggests suggests
idea idea
mentioned mentioned
Stannis Stannis
unnamed unnamed
individual individual
Convinced Convinced
Robert Robert
would would
believe believe
Stannis Stannis
confided confided
suspicions suspicion
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Together Together
investigated investigated
matter matter
visiting visiting
several several
Roberts Roberts
baseborn baseborn
children child
capital capital
Jon Jon
begun begun
gather gather
proof proof
suddenly suddenly
died died
Stannis Stannis
believed believed
Cersei Cersei
Jon Jon
killed killed
Stannis Stannis
expected expected
named named
Hand Hand
King King
Robert Robert
instead instead
left left
north north
offer offer
position position
old old
friend friend
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
resentful resentful
Stannis Stannis
left left
Dragonstone Dragonstone
much much
royal royal
fleet fleet
maester maester
Cressen Cressen
old old
ailing ailing
Stannis Stannis
sent sent
Citadel Citadel
new new
maester maester
Pylos Pylos
arrived arrived
mere mere
days day
Stannis Stannis
closed closed
Dragonstone Dragonstone
investigations investigation
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
agreed agreed
Stannis Stannis
young young
son son
Robert Robert
Arryn Arryn
would would
fostered fostered
Stannis Stannis
Dragonstone Dragonstone
However However
come come
pass pas
Jons Jons
wife wife
Lysa Lysa
fled fled
back back
Vale Vale
son son
Jons Jons
death death
death death
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Stannis Stannis
flees flees
Dragonstone Dragonstone
gather gather
strength strength
including including
royal royal
fleet fleet
plan plan
next next
move move
believing believing
Cersei Cersei
poisoned poisoned
Jon Jon
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
wonders wonder
Stannis Stannis
left left
believing believing
due due
discovery discovery
whatever whatever
secret secret
Jon Jon
allegedly allegedly
murdered murdered
although although
realizing realizing
Stannis Stannis
also also
slighted slighted
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheons Baratheons
selection selection
Eddard Eddard
new new
Hand Hand
King King
Ned Ned
via via
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelle Pycelle
sends sends
raven raven
polite polite
letter letter
requesting requesting
Lord Lord
Stannis Stannis
return return
seat seat
small small
council council
Eddards Eddards
investigation investigation
Jons Jons
death death
discovers discovers
Stannis Stannis
Jon Jon
spent spent
great great
deal deal
time time
together together
told told
Stannis Stannis
Jon Jon
visited visited
brothel brothel
Stannis Stannis
normally normally
righteous righteous
point point
prudish prudish
gets get
closer closer
truth truth
Robert Robert
dies dy
boar boar
hunt hunt
kingswood kingswood
succeeded succeeded
son son
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Eddard Eddard
selected selected
Robert Robert
rule rule
regent regent
though though
plans plan
bring bring
Stannis Stannis
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
However However
outmaneuvered outmaneuvered
Roberts Roberts
widow widow
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
betrayed betrayed
Lord Lord
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
Lord Lord
Stark Stark
tasked tasked
Tomard Tomard
personally personally
delivering delivering
letter letter
Stannis Stannis
Wind Wind
Witch Witch
sails sail
north north
Tom Tom
slain slain
beforehand beforehand
gold gold
cloaks cloak
galley galley
remains remains
capital capital
boy boy
king king
Joffrey Joffrey
subsequently subsequently
Eddard Eddard
executed executed
Lord Lord
Varys Varys
reports report
small small
council council
Stannis Stannis
said said
building building
ships ship
hiring hiring
sellswords sellswords
bringing bringing
shadowbinder shadowbinder
Asshai Asshai
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Stannis Stannis
declares declares
king king
Dragonstone Dragonstone
sends sends
Ser Ser
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
gather gather
support support
among among
stormlords stormlords
none none
willing willing
join join
maester maester
Cressen Cressen
suggests suggests
Stannis Stannis
makes make
alliance alliance
Lannisters Lannisters
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
declared declared
King King
North North
Stannis Stannis
objects object
ruling ruling
half half
kingdom kingdom
Cressen Cressen
proposes proposes
Stannis Stannis
sends sends
Shireen Shireen
child child
heir heir
Eyrie Eyrie
make make
alliance alliance
Lady Lady
Lysa Lysa
Arryn Arryn
Stanniss Stanniss
wife wife
Selyse Selyse
Florent Florent
objects object
stating stating
Stannis Stannis
beg beg
help help
Stannis Stannis
sides side
Selyse Selyse
converted converted
faith faith
Rhllor Rhllor
Lord Lord
Light Light
giving giving
priestess priestess
Melisandre Melisandre
base base
power power
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Selyse Selyse
tells tell
Stannis Stannis
red red
comet comet
sign sign
Stanniss Stanniss
time time
come come
must must
sail sail
Dragonstone Dragonstone
conquer conquer
Selyse Selyse
claims claim
Renlys Renlys
men men
join join
Stannis Stannis
Renly Renly
dies dy
Melisandre Melisandre
seen seen
Renly Renly
dead dead
flames flame
Cressen Cressen
horrified horrified
thought thought
fratricide fratricide
objects object
Stannis Stannis
dismisses dismisses
Though Though
Stannis Stannis
follower follower
Rhllor Rhllor
denounces denounces
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
Lord Lord
Light Light
burning burning
carvings carving
seven seven
gods god
Faith Faith
sacrifice sacrifice
sacrifice sacrifice
Melisandre Melisandre
proclaims proclaims
Stannis Stannis
Azor Azor
Ahai Ahai
reborn reborn
pull pull
sword sword
burning burning
carvings carving
Lightbringer Lightbringer
Davos Davos
Seaworths Seaworths
help help
Stannis Stannis
recruited recruited
Salladhor Salladhor
Saan Saan
cause cause
private private
Sallador Sallador
tells tell
Davos Davos
sword sword
real real
Lightbringer Lightbringer
Stannis Stannis
writes writes
letter letter
announcing announcing
claim claim
throne throne
bastardy bastardy
Joffrey Joffrey
Myrecella Myrecella
Tommen Tommen
plans plan
send send
lords lord
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
raven raven
ports port
Westeros Westeros
Free Free
Cities Cities
ship ship
Davos Davos
tells tell
Stannis Stannis
proof proof
incest incest
Stannis Stannis
claims claim
Storms Storms
End End
proof proof
though though
access access
Davos Davos
informs informs
Stannis Stannis
would would
unwise unwise
declare declare
Lord Lord
Light Light
wishes wish
win win
followers follower
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
Stannis Stannis
rejects reject
notion notion
believes belief
Melisandre Melisandre
power power
brother brother
Renly Renly
slowly slowly
marching marching
Highgarden Highgarden
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Roseroad Roseroad
Stannis Stannis
sails sail
Storms Storms
End End
besieges besieges
castle castle
Renly Renly
rushes rush
Storms Storms
End End
ten ten
thousand thousand
host host
meet meet
Stannis Stannis
claiming claiming
another another
hundred hundred
thousand thousand
way way
Stannis Stannis
Renly Renly
parley parley
Renly Renly
offers offer
Stannis Stannis
chance chance
swear swear
fealty fealty
Stannis Stannis
angrily angrily
rejects reject
calls call
Renly Renly
traitor traitor
well well
threatens threatens
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Lady Lady
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
becomes becomes
clear clear
Renly Renly
care care
Stanniss Stanniss
letter letter
confident confident
strength strength
swear swear
Stannis Stannis
Stannis Stannis
leaves leaf
promising promising
battle battle
dawn dawn
Catelyn Catelyn
informs informs
Renly Renly
murder murder
attempt attempt
son son
Brans Brans
life life
blames blame
Lannisters Lannisters
believes belief
Bran Bran
saw saw
Cersei Cersei
Jaime Jaime
sex sex
asks asks
leave leave
go go
Stannis Stannis
tell tell
suspicions suspicion
suggesting suggesting
Stannis Stannis
Renly Renly
Robb Robb
cast cast
aside aside
crowns crown
call call
Great Great
Council Council
Renly Renly
refuses refuse
continue continue
preparing preparing
battle battle
shadow shadow
kills kill
Stanniss Stanniss
shadow shadow
according according
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
forces force
Renly Renly
brought brought
Storms Storms
End End
join join
Stannis Stannis
Following Following
Renlys Renlys
death death
Stannis Stannis
troubled troubled
terrible terrible
nightmares nightmare
Melisandre Melisandre
shares share
pavillon pavillon
soothe soothe
sleep sleep
confides confides
Davos Davos
sometimes sometimes
dreams dream
Renlys Renlys
death death
innocent innocent
bed bed
Renly Renly
slain slain
squire squire
Devan Devan
Seaworth Seaworth
unable unable
wake wake
Stannis Stannis
surrounded surrounded
Storms Storms
End End
land land
sea sea
promises promise
garrison garrison
might might
go go
free free
unharmed unharmed
castle castle
yielded yielded
fortnight fortnight
Ser Ser
Cortnay Cortnay
Penrose Penrose
continues continues
refuse refuse
however however
even even
last last
parley parley
fortnight fortnight
later later
yielding yielding
require require
giving giving
Stannis Stannis
Roberts Roberts
bastard bastard
son son
Edric Edric
Storm Storm
Cortnay Cortnay
challenges challenge
Stannis Stannis
single single
combat combat
decide decide
matter matter
Stannis Stannis
refuses refuse
Unwilling Unwilling
leave leave
Storms Storms
End End
untaken untaken
fear fear
viewed viewed
defeat defeat
determined determined
get get
hold hold
Roberts Roberts
bastard bastard
proof proof
incest incest
Stannis Stannis
orders order
Davos Davos
land land
small small
boat boat
beneath beneath
castle castle
unseen unseen
black black
night night
without without
anyone anyone
else else
knowing knowing
taking taking
Melisandre Melisandre
Davos Davos
brings brings
Melisandre Melisandre
beneath beneath
castle castle
gives give
birth birth
Stanniss Stanniss
shadow shadow
enters enters
castle castle
night night
Cortnay Cortnay
falls fall
tower tower
castle castle
death death
castle castle
yields yield
Stannis Stannis
subsequently subsequently
burns burn
godswood godswood
Storms Storms
End End
said said
Cortnay Cortnay
threw threw
tower tower
guards guard
could could
find find
anyone anyone
else else
room room
seen seen
anyone anyone
else else
enter enter
However However
Lord Lord
Varys Varys
believes belief
Cortnay Cortnay
killed killed
magic magic
Storms Storms
End End
fallen fallen
Stannis Stannis
free free
march march
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
preparing preparing
arrival arrival
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
High High
Septon Septon
spread spread
news news
Stannis Stannis
means mean
burn burn
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
prevent prevent
people people
city city
joining joining
Stannis Stannis
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
ordered ordered
men men
Vale Vale
mountain mountain
clans clan
light light
fires fire
burn burn
grass grass
killing killing
scouts scout
raiding raiding
baggage baggage
train train
response response
Stanniss Stanniss
vanguard vanguard
sets set
kingswood kingswood
afire afire
smoke smoke
clansmen clansman
Stannis Stannis
attacks attack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Stanniss Stanniss
ships ship
enter enter
harbor harbor
Lannisters Lannisters
light light
wildfire wildfire
chain chain
prevents prevents
ships ship
sailing sailing
harbor harbor
destroyed destroyed
Stanniss Stanniss
forces force
close close
victory victory
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
forces force
House House
Tyrell Tyrell
arrive arrive
led led
ghost ghost
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
later later
revealed revealed
Garlan Garlan
Tyrell Tyrell
dressed dressed
Renlys Renlys
armor armor
Ser Ser
Richard Richard
Horpe Horpe
Ser Ser
Justin Justin
Massey Massey
convince convince
Stannis Stannis
retreat retreat
Defeated Defeated
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Stannis Stannis
returns return
Dragonstone Dragonstone
ships ship
Lyseni Lyseni
Salladhor Salladhor
Saan Saan
men men
remain remain
queens queen
men men
names name
Lord Lord
Alester Alester
Florent Florent
Hand Hand
King King
refuses refuse
see see
anyone anyone
Melisandre Melisandre
brooding brooding
Stone Stone
Drum Drum
instead instead
eat eat
tales tale
told told
claiming claiming
Stannis Stannis
Melisandre Melisandre
go go
Dragonmont Dragonmont
watch watch
fires fire
inside inside
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
arrested arrested
plan plan
kill kill
Melisandre Melisandre
Melisandre Melisandre
visits visit
informs informs
dare dare
make make
another another
shadow shadow
son son
Stannis Stannis
fires fire
burn burn
low low
might might
kill kill
Stanniss Stanniss
Hand Hand
Alester Alester
loses loses
faith faith
Stanniss Stanniss
chances chance
success success
prepares prepares
offer offer
peace peace
House House
Lannister Lannister
sealed sealed
promise promise
Stannis Stannis
gives give
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
retracts retracts
said said
regarding regarding
bastardy bastardy
Cersei Cersei
Lannisters Lannisters
children child
exchange exchange
accepted accepted
back back
Kings Kings
peace peace
allowed allowed
rule rule
Lord Lord
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Lord Lord
Storms Storms
End End
Alester Alester
wishes wish
seal seal
bargain bargain
offering offering
Shireen Shireen
marriage marriage
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
However However
send send
letter letter
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
arrested arrested
treason treason
Stannis Stannis
Davos Davos
brought brought
escorting escorting
Davos Davos
Stannis Stannis
Chamber Chamber
Painted Painted
Table Table
Ser Ser
Axell Axell
Florent Florent
tries try
make make
Davos Davos
tell tell
Stannis Stannis
Axell Axell
named named
Kings Kings
Hand Hand
Stannis Stannis
informs informs
Davos Davos
Axell Axell
wishes wish
resume resume
war war
Axell Axell
put put
plans plan
sack sack
Claw Claw
Isle Isle
Davos Davos
Stannis Stannis
wishes wish
know know
Davoss Davoss
opinion opinion
plans plan
sends sends
Axell Axell
away away
conversation conversation
turns turn
badly badly
asking asking
Melisandre Melisandre
Davos Davos
shares share
suspicions suspicion
Melisandre Melisandre
Stannis Stannis
Stannis Stannis
states state
believe believe
Renlys Renlys
death death
Melisandres Melisandres
shares share
Davoss Davoss
opinion opinion
Axells Axells
plans plan
however however
raises raise
Davos Davos
Lord Lord
Rainwood Rainwood
Admiral Admiral
Narrow Narrow
Sea Sea
Hand Hand
King King
Stannis Stannis
reveals reveals
seen seen
high high
hill hill
forest forest
men men
black black
made made
ring ring
torches torch
shapes shape
moving moving
snow snow
Though Though
Melisandre Melisandre
trying trying
convince convince
sacrifice sacrifice
Edric Edric
Storm Storm
Roberts Roberts
acknowledged acknowledged
bastard bastard
Stannis Stannis
refuses refuse
ordering ordering
use use
leeches leech
instead instead
Stannis Stannis
throws throw
three three
leeches leech
fire fire
one one
one one
stating stating
names name
three three
kings king
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Balon Balon
Robb Robb
die die
long long
leading leading
discussion discussion
among among
Stanniss Stanniss
counselors counselor
whether whether
Edric Edric
sacrificed sacrificed
wake wake
dragon dragon
stone stone
Melisandre Melisandre
claims claim
happen happen
Davos Davos
attempts attempt
convince convince
Stannis Stannis
sacrifice sacrifice
Edric Edric
alone alone
Stannis Stannis
admits admits
Joffrey Joffrey
die die
well well
willing willing
consider consider
Upon Upon
hearing hearing
news news
Joffreys Joffreys
death death
Stannis Stannis
willing willing
sacrifice sacrifice
Edric Edric
though though
still still
like like
idea idea
However However
several several
men men
still still
loyal loyal
forsaken forsaken
Rhllor Rhllor
returned returned
Faith Faith
Davos Davos
found found
several several
willing willing
help help
smuggle smuggle
boy boy
safety safety
care care
Ser Ser
Andrew Andrew
Estermont Estermont
Stannis Stannis
furious furious
Davos Davos
urges urge
Stannis Stannis
sail sail
Wall Wall
claiming claiming
king king
protects protects
people people
king king
presents present
king king
Maester Maester
Aemons Aemons
letter letter
asking asking
aid aid
Melisandre Melisandre
sacrifices sacrifice
man man
Rhllor Rhllor
gain gain
favorable favorable
winds wind
sails sail
north north
leaves leaf
Selyse Selyse
Shireen Shireen
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
marching marching
west west
forces force
arrive arrive
time time
defeat defeat
Mance Mance
Rayders Rayders
wildling wildling
army army
battle battle
beneath beneath
Wall Wall
Stannis Stannis
occupies occupies
Kings Kings
Tower Tower
Castle Castle
Black Black
Though Though
plans plan
burn burn
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
willing willing
allow allow
free free
folk folk
Wall Wall
swear swear
Rhllor Rhllor
settling settling
Gift Gift
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
brought brought
offers offer
legitimize legitimize
name name
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
exchange exchange
Jons Jons
help help
winning winning
north north
side side
allows allows
Jon Jon
time time
think think
offfer offfer
Stannis Stannis
needs need
negotiate negotiate
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
displeased displeased
ten ten
days day
voting voting
black black
brothers brother
still still
yet yet
chosen chosen
new new
commander commander
calls call
several several
higher higher
ranking ranking
men men
inform inform
choose choose
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
come come
decision decision
day day
Stannis Stannis
informs informs
maester maester
Aemon Aemon
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
sent sent
word word
castellan castellan
begin begin
mining mining
dragonglass dragonglass
Dragonstone Dragonstone
fight fight
Others Others
confirms confirms
aware aware
Aemons Aemons
ancestry ancestry
Aemon Aemon
requests request
see see
Lightbringer Lightbringer
Stannis Stannis
grants grant
request request
Thanks Thanks
Samwells Samwells
involvement involvement
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
elected elected
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
preventing preventing
accepting accepting
Stanniss Stanniss
offer offer
Stannis Stannis
selfstyled selfstyled
King King
Westeros Westeros
remains remains
Kings Kings
Tower Tower
Castle Castle
Black Black
plans plan
use use
Val Val
men men
call call
wildling wildling
princess princess
seal seal
peace peace
northmen northman
free free
folk folk
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
given given
Stannis Stannis
food food
shelter shelter
Nightfort Nightfort
leave leave
settle settle
free free
folk folk
Gift Gift
Stannis Stannis
sent sent
ravens raven
northern northern
lords lord
demanding demanding
fealty fealty
thus thus
far far
House House
Karstark Karstark
replied replied
swearing swearing
Stannis Stannis
allegiance allegiance
blaming blaming
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
death death
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
suspects suspect
Stanniss Stanniss
involvement involvement
giddy giddy
maiden maiden
learns learns
Stannis Stannis
left left
Dragonstone Dragonstone
believes belief
Stannis Stannis
finally finally
admitted admitted
defeat defeat
gone gone
exile exile
news news
reaches reach
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
north north
Cersei Cersei
furious furious
sends sends
two two
thousand thousand
Lannister Lannister
soldiers soldier
Dragonstone Dragonstone
defeat defeat
small small
garrison garrison
Stannis Stannis
left left
behind behind
take take
castle castle
Meanwhile Meanwhile
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
Warden Warden
North North
two two
thousand thousand
soldiers soldier
House House
Frey Frey
deal deal
Stannis Stannis
thousand thousand
soldiers soldier
Cersei Cersei
wishes wish
deal deal
Greyjoys Greyjoys
Stannis Stannis
defeated defeated
News News
reaches reach
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Golden Golden
Company Company
broken broken
contract contract
Myr Myr
said said
hired hired
Stannis Stannis
instead instead
small small
council council
receives receives
reports report
Stanniss Stanniss
Hand Hand
King King
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
traveled traveled
White White
Harbor Harbor
arrested arrested
Lord Lord
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
Cersei Cersei
orders order
execute execute
Davos Davos
Braavos Braavos
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
becomes becomes
convinced convinced
Melisandre Melisandre
misread misread
signs sign
convinced convinced
Stannis Stannis
Azor Azor
Ahai Ahai
reborn reborn
Stannis Stannis
keeps keep
wildling wildling
prisoners prisoner
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
rides ride
kingsroad kingsroad
almost almost
far far
Queenscrown Queenscrown
prowles prowles
empty empty
hovels hovel
Moles Moles
Town Town
inspects inspects
ruins ruin
Queensgate Queensgate
Oakenshield Oakenshield
walks walk
atop atop
Wall Wall
night night
Melisandre Melisandre
selecting selecting
prisoners prisoner
questioning questioning
day day
House House
Mormont Mormont
refused refused
join join
Stannis Stannis
whereas whereas
House House
Manderlys Manderlys
reply reply
Stanniss Stanniss
letter letter
made made
excuses excuse
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
refuses refuse
give give
Stannis Stannis
ownership ownership
sixteen sixteen
castles castle
Wall Wall
unoccupied unoccupied
black black
brothers brother
asks asks
Stannis Stannis
men men
instead instead
serve serve
command command
commanders commander
Stannis Stannis
sends sends
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
White White
Harbor Harbor
treat treat
Lord Lord
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
behalf behalf
well well
sends sends
Richard Richard
Horpe Horpe
Justin Justin
Massey Massey
envoys envoy
south south
Stannis Stannis
approves approves
execution execution
Janos Janos
Slynt Slynt
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
burned burned
sacrifice sacrifice
Rhllor Rhllor
punishment punishment
deserted deserted
Watch Watch
reality reality
however however
Stannis Stannis
unknowingly unknowingly
burned burned
Rattleshirt Rattleshirt
secretly secretly
glamoured glamoured
Melisandre Melisandre
look look
like like
Mance Mance
offers offer
remaining remaining
free free
folk folk
choice choice
bending bending
knee knee
returning returning
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
die die
free free
folk folk
bend bend
knee knee
allowed allowed
south south
Wall Wall
Stannis Stannis
wins win
support support
half half
forces force
House House
Umber Umber
commanded commanded
Mors Mors
Umber Umber
remainder remainder
Umber Umber
forces force
marched marched
House House
Bolton Bolton
command command
Hother Hother
Umber Umber
Greatjon Greatjon
remains remains
captive captive
Lannisters Lannisters
Stannis Stannis
plans plan
march march
wildlings wildlings
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
marched marched
south south
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
tells tell
plan plan
never never
succeed succeed
Dreadfort Dreadfort
learn learn
approach approach
long long
ever ever
reach reach
castle castle
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
fall fall
quickly quickly
means mean
Ramsay Ramsay
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
free free
march march
Stannis Stannis
entire entire
force force
Additionally Additionally
marching marching
wildlings wildlings
serve serve
turn turn
northmen northman
Stannis Stannis
Instead Instead
Jon Jon
proposes proposes
Stannis Stannis
visit visit
mountain mountain
clans clan
including including
Flints Flints
Wulls Wulls
Norreys Norreys
Liddles Liddles
Instead Instead
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Jon Jon
suggests suggests
marching marching
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
fight fight
ironborn ironborn
exchange exchange
wildlings wildlings
remain remain
Wall Wall
White White
Harbor Harbor
Lord Lord
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
arrests arrest
Stanniss Stanniss
envoy envoy
Hand Hand
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
fakes fake
execution execution
secret secret
promises promise
swear swear
loyalty loyalty
Stannis Stannis
Davos Davos
bring bring
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
Stannis Stannis
follows follows
advice advice
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
marches march
west west
northern northern
mountains mountain
although although
one one
squires squire
Davoss Davoss
son son
Devan Devan
remains remains
Castle Castle
Black Black
Melisandre Melisandre
king king
wins win
several several
mountain mountain
clans clan
gathering gathering
additional additional
three three
thousand thousand
men men
army army
Stannis Stannis
takes take
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
ironborn ironborn
returning returning
castle castle
House House
Glover Glover
Mormonts Mormonts
well well
smallfolk smallfolk
fleeing fleeing
ironborn ironborn
survivors survivor
battle battle
outside outside
Winterfell Winterfell
sworn sworn
House House
Hornwood Hornwood
House House
Cerwyn Cerwyn
House House
Tallhart Tallhart
join join
Stannis Stannis
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
several several
ironborn ironborn
taken taken
captive captive
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
Stannis Stannis
army army
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
taking taking
Asha Asha
slowed slowed
heavy heavy
snows snow
Stannis Stannis
forced forced
encamp encamp
small small
crofters crofter
village village
three three
days day
west west
Winterfell Winterfell
Arnolf Arnolf
Karstark Karstark
Mors Mors
Umber Umber
begun begun
march march
well well
plan plan
join join
Stannis Stannis
near near
Winterfell Winterfell
Arnolf Arnolf
eventually eventually
finds find
Stannis Stannis
crofters crofter
village village
Many Many
Stanniss Stanniss
men men
succumb succumb
blizzard blizzard
including including
remaining remaining
squire squire
Bryen Bryen
Farring Farring
Wall Wall
Tycho Tycho
Nestoris Nestoris
emissary emissary
Iron Iron
Bank Bank
Braavos Braavos
arrives arrives
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
ceased ceased
payments payment
loans loan
Iron Iron
Bank Bank
wishes wish
broach broach
subject subject
Stannis Stannis
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
receives receives
Tycho Tycho
realises realises
Stannis Stannis
gives give
demands demand
Iron Iron
Bank Bank
Braavosi Braavosi
give give
support support
might might
win win
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Alys Alys
Karstark Karstark
arrives arrives
Castle Castle
Black Black
warns warns
Jon Jon
uncle uncle
Arnolf Arnolf
feigning feigning
loyalty loyalty
Stannis Stannis
truth truth
sides side
Boltons Boltons
planning planning
betray betray
Stannis Stannis
oppertune oppertune
moment moment
Jon Jon
sends sends
message message
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
attempt attempt
warn warn
Stannis Stannis
Tycho Tycho
travels travel
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
search search
Stannis Stannis
continues continues
crofters crofter
village village
well well
Near Near
Winterfell Winterfell
Tycho Tycho
finds find
Mors Mors
Umber Umber
captive captive
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
brings brings
Stannis Stannis
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
receives receives
taunting taunting
letter letter
Castle Castle
Black Black
Ramsay Ramsay
stating stating
Stannis Stannis
killed killed
along along
army army
seven seven
days day
battle battle
Stannis Stannis
actively actively
efficiently efficiently
preparing preparing
looming looming
battle battle
Boltons Boltons
signs sign
contract contract
Braavosi Braavosi
banker banker
Tycho Tycho
Nestoris Nestoris
plans plan
send send
Tycho Tycho
back back
Wall Wall
safety safety
Tycho Tycho
brought brought
message message
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
informing informing
Stannis Stannis
Arnolf Arnolf
Karstarks Karstarks
planned planned
treachery treachery
Stannis Stannis
arrests arrest
Arnolf Arnolf
son son
Arthor Arthor
three three
grandsons grandson
arrested arrested
plans plan
execute execute
sends sends
Ser Ser
Justin Justin
Massey Massey
escort escort
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
back back
Castle Castle
Black Black
reunite reunite
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
gratitude gratitude
Jons Jons
counsel counsel
gathering gathering
northern northern
mountain mountain
clans clan
Massey Massey
travel travel
Braavos Braavos
use use
money money
Iron Iron
Bank Bank
hire hire
twenty twenty
thousand thousand
sellswords sellswords
Stannis Stannis
Stannis Stannis
tells tell
Massey Massey
may may
hear hear
Stannis Stannis
death death
Braavos Braavos
even even
news news
true true
Massey Massey
follow follow
orders order
seat seat
Shireen Shireen
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Stannis Stannis
next next
receives receives
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
informs informs
brother brother
Theon Theon
must must
executed executed
showing showing
mercy mercy
would would
mean mean
losing losing
northmen northman
Kings Kings
friends friend
subjects subject
enemiesThese enemiesThese
pardoned pardoned
lords lord
would would
well well
reflect reflect
Good Good
men men
true true
fight fight
Joffrey Joffrey
wrongly wrongly
believing believing
true true
king king
northman northman
might might
even even
say say
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
lords lord
flocked flocked
brothers brother
banners banner
knew knew
usurper usurper
turned turned
backs back
rightful rightful
king king
better better
reason reason
dreams dream
power power
glory glory
marked marked
Pardoned Pardoned
yes yes
Forgiven Forgiven
forgottenIt forgottenIt
question question
wanting wanting
throne throne
mine mine
Roberts Roberts
heir heir
law law
must must
pass pas
daughter daughter
unless unless
Selyse Selyse
finally finally
give give
son son
king king
Wants Wants
enter enter
duty duty
daughter daughter
realm realm
Even Even
Robert Robert
loved loved
little little
know know
yet yet
brother brother
Lannister Lannister
woman woman
gave gave
horns horn
made made
motley motley
fool fool
may may
murdered murdered
well well
murdered murdered
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Ned Ned
Stark Stark
crimes crime
must must
justice justice
Starting Starting
Cersei Cersei
abominations abomination
starting starting
mean mean
scour scour
court court
clean clean
Robert Robert
done done
TridentI TridentI
never never
asked asked
asked asked
king king
Yet Yet
dare dare
disregard disregard
choose choose
destinies destiny
Yet Yet
must must
must must
duty duty
Great Great
small small
must must
dutyI dutyI
know know
cost cost
Last Last
night night
gazing gazing
hearth hearth
saw saw
things thing
flames flame
well well
saw saw
king king
crown crown
fire fire
brows brow
burning… burning…
burning burning
Davos Davos
crown crown
consumed consumed
flesh flesh
turned turned
ash ash
think think
need need
Melisandre Melisandre
tell tell
means mean
youI youI
never never
asked asked
crown crown
Gold Gold
cold cold
heavy heavy
head head
long long
king king
duty duty
must must
sacrifice sacrifice
one one
child child
flames flame
save save
million million
dark dark
Sacrifice Sacrifice
never never
easy easy
Davos Davos
true true
sacrificeLord sacrificeLord
Seaworth Seaworth
man man
humble humble
birth birth
reminded reminded
duty duty
could could
think think
rights right
cart cart
horse horse
Davos Davos
said said
trying trying
win win
throne throne
save save
kingdom kingdom
trying trying
save save
kingdom kingdom
win win
throneDemons throneDemons
made made
snow snow
ice ice
cold cold
ancient ancient
enemy enemy
enemy enemy
mattersStannis mattersStannis
thought thought
wet wet
nurse nurse
man man
Crasters Crasters
daughter daughter
Melisandre Melisandre
Wife Wife
daughter daughter
Grace Grace
Craster Craster
married married
daughters daughter
Gillys Gillys
boy boy
fruit fruit
union union
Ned Ned
found found
hard hard
imagine imagine
could could
frighten frighten
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
held held
Storms Storms
End End
year year
siege siege
surviving surviving
rats rat
boot boot
leather leather
Lords Lords
Tyrell Tyrell
Redwyne Redwyne
sat sat
outside outside
hosts host
banqueting banqueting
sight sight
wallsHis wallsHis
claim claim
true true
one one
known known
prowess prowess
battle battle
commander commander
utterly utterly
without without
mercy mercy
creature creature
earth earth
half half
terrifying terrifying
truly truly
manI manI
felt felt
beginning beginning
Stannis Stannis
greater greater
danger danger
others others
combinedRobert combinedRobert
true true
steel steel
Stannis Stannis
pure pure
iron iron
black black
hard hard
strong strong
yes yes
brittle brittle
way way
iron iron
gets get
Hell Hell
break break
bends bend
Renly Renly
one one
hes he
copper copper
bright bright
shiny shiny
pretty pretty
look look
worth worth
much much
end end
dayAnd dayAnd
Stannis Stannis
always always
felt felt
cheated cheated
Storms Storms
End End
ancestral ancestral
seat seat
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
rights right
knew knew
many many
times time
came came
Robert Robert
singing singing
dull dull
song song
gloomy gloomy
aggrieved aggrieved
tone tone
Robert Robert
gave gave
place place
Renly Renly
Stannis Stannis
clenched clenched
jaw jaw
tight tight
thought thought
teeth teeth
would would
shatterWere shatterWere
anyone anyone
else else
outside outside
gates gate
might might
hope hope
beguile beguile
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Id Id
better better
chance chance
seducing seducing
horseThis horseThis
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
man man
fight fight
bitter bitter
end end
someStannis someStannis
Baratheon Baratheon
grievance grievance
like like
mastiff mastiff
bone bone
gnawed gnawed
splintersWhat splintersWhat
Stannis Stannis
offer offer
Vengeance Vengeance
Vengeance Vengeance
sons son
husbands husband
fathers father
brothers brother
Vengeance Vengeance
murdered murdered
lord lord
murdered murdered
king king
butchered butchered
princes prince
VengeanceHis VengeanceHis
eyes eye
sunk sunk
deep deep
pits pit
closecropped closecropped
beard beard
shadow shadow
across across
hollow hollow
cheeks cheek
bony bony
jawbone jawbone
Yet Yet
power power
stare stare
iron iron
ferocity ferocity
told told
Asha Asha
man man
would would
never never
ever ever
turn turn
back back
course course
According According
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
Stannis Stannis
partially partially
inspired inspired
Tiberius Tiberius
Caesar Caesar
particularly particularly
portrayal portrayal
George George
Baker Baker
Claudius Claudius
Cinnamon Cinnamon
Wind Wind
somewhere somewhere
coast coast
Dorne Dorne
Sam Sam
leads lead
prayer prayer
service service
mourn mourn
passing passing
Aemon Aemon
Targaryen Targaryen
Xhondos Xhondos
information information
three three
dragons dragon
given given
Maester Maester
Aemon Aemon
second second
wind wind
enough enough
Sam Sam
recalls recall
ancient ancient
maesters maesters
words word
sea sea
voyage voyage
Braavos Braavos
one one
ever ever
looked looked
girl girl
prince prince
promised promised
Rhaegar Rhaegar
thought thought
error error
crept crept
translation translation
Dragons Dragons
neither neither
male male
female female
Daenerys Daenerys
one one
born born
amidst amidst
salt salt
smoke smoke
Lady Lady
Melisandre Melisandre
misread misread
signs sign
Stannis Stannis
dragon dragon
blood blood
yes yes
Rhaelle Rhaelle
Eggs Eggs
little little
girl girl
Baratheons Baratheons
came came
must must
send send
maester maester
Daenerys Daenerys
must must
counseled counseled
taught taught
protected protected
Aemon Aemon
begged begged
Sam Sam
convince convince
archmaesters archmaesters
later later
rambled rambled
following following
perhaps perhaps
prophetic prophetic
lines line
glass glass
candle candle
could could
lit lit
eggs egg
would would
hatch hatch
sphinx sphinx
riddle riddle
riddler riddler
Gilly Gilly
Sam Sam
sit sit
together together
eulogy eulogy
drinking drinking
rum rum
Gilly Gilly
points point
Aemon Aemon
remained remained
Wall Wall
Melisandre Melisandre
might might
sacrificed sacrificed
kings king
blood blood
Jon Jon
must must
known known
sent sent
old old
maester maester
well well
Dallas Dallas
boy boy
save save
Red Red
Womans Womans
fires fire
Gilly Gilly
says say
name name
boy boy
Aemon Aemon
Steelsong Steelsong
reaches reach
age age
two two
decks deck
Sam Sam
Gilly Gilly
sex sex
although although
consumed consumed
guilt guilt
forsaking forsaking
vows vow
Afterwards Afterwards
Sam Sam
tries try
avoid avoid
Gilly Gilly
Kojja Kojja
corners corner
tells tell
Gilly Gilly
considered considered
holy holy
Summer Summer
Islands Islands
way way
honoring honoring
dead dead
celebrating celebrating
life life
Kojja Kojja
advises advises
Sam Sam
Gilly Gilly
knows know
never never
man man
wife wife
nothing nothing
wrong wrong
comforting comforting
long long
journey journey
Sam Sam
persuaded persuaded
perhaps perhaps
Kojja Kojja
threatens threatens
throw throw
overboard overboard
continue continue
sleeping sleeping
Gilly Gilly
Staying Staying
inn inn
Braavos Braavos
Sam Sam
nearing nearing
wits wit
end end
Dareon Dareon
abandoned abandoned
brothels brothel
Gilly Gilly
remains remains
inconsolable inconsolable
Maester Maester
Aemons Aemons
health health
deteriorates deteriorates
daily daily
make make
matters matter
worse worse
Sam Sam
spent spent
nearly nearly
coin coin
rooms room
healer healer
Aemon Aemon
passage passage
boat boat
Lady Lady
Ushanora Ushanora
wound wound
unable unable
board board
due due
maesters maesters
health health
Feverish Feverish
dying dying
maester maester
begs begs
Sam Sam
return return
docks dock
learn learn
rumor rumor
dragons dragon
Dareon Dareon
heard heard
winesink winesink
Aemon Aemon
mumbles mumble
Sam Sam
Dragons Dragons
grief grief
glory glory
house house
brothers brother
dreamed dreamed
dragons dragon
dreams dream
killed killed
every every
one one
Sam Sam
tremble tremble
cusp cusp
halfremembered halfremembered
prophecies prophecy
seen seen
Fire Fire
consumes consumes
cold cold
preserves preserve
Wall Wall
Sam Sam
departs departs
night night
find find
Dareon Dareon
gets get
accosted accosted
two two
bravos bravo
wearing wearing
sword sword
However However
saved saved
Cat Cat
Canals Canals
tells tell
another another
black black
brother brother
wed wed
Sailors Sailors
Wife Wife
Sam Sam
finds find
Dareon Dareon
Happy Happy
Port Port
brother brother
Watch Watch
wants want
nothing nothing
black black
Gilly Gilly
Aemon Aemon
matter matter
Sam Sam
punches punch
face face
gets get
tossed tossed
canal canal
proprietors proprietor
brothel brothel
saved saved
drowning drowning
Xhondo Xhondo
huge huge
Summer Summer
Islander Islander
mate mate
aboard aboard
Cinnamon Cinnamon
Wind Wind
knows know
dragons dragon
Sam Sam
mentioned mentioned
Wall Wall
massive massive
barrier barrier
mostly mostly
ice ice
stretching stretching
across across
northern northern
border border
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
separating separating
wild wild
lands land
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
one one
hundred hundred
leagues league
long long
three three
hundred hundred
miles mile
reaches reach
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
highest highest
point point
although although
foundation foundation
blocks block
hilly hilly
regions region
near near
Greyguard Greyguard
send send
nine nine
hundred hundred
feet foot
air air
One One
Lomas Lomas
Longstriders Longstriders
nine nine
Wonders Wonders
Made Made
Man Man
Wall Wall
defended defended
held held
Sworn Sworn
Brothers Brothers
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
patrol patrol
guard guard
nineteen nineteen
castles castle
Frostfangs Frostfangs
mountain mountain
range range
west west
Bay Bay
Seals Seals
east east
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
Castle Castle
Black Black
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
garrisoned garrisoned
start start
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
join join
Watch Watch
order order
avoid avoid
another another
punishment punishment
referred referred
sent sent
Wall Wall
Wall Wall
stretches stretch
three three
hundred hundred
miles mile
approximately approximately
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
tall tall
made made
solid solid
ice ice
stone stone
earth earth
seen seen
miles mile
round round
appears appears
grey grey
blue blue
depending depending
weather weather
time time
day day
top top
wide wide
enough enough
dozen dozen
mounted mounted
knights knight
ride ride
abreast abreast
thicker thicker
base base
top top
wider wider
man man
places place
kingsroad kingsroad
crushed crushed
stone stone
spread spread
walkways walkway
aid aid
footing footing
According According
myth myth
old old
spells spell
woven woven
Wall Wall
strengthen strengthen
keep keep
creatures creature
magical magical
nature nature
Others Others
passing passing
Wall Wall
straight straight
like like
sword sword
Castle Castle
Black Black
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
runs run
like like
snake snake
Castle Castle
Black Black
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
Led Led
Othell Othell
Yarwyck Yarwyck
First First
Builder Builder
builders builder
Watch Watch
monitor monitor
repair repair
Wall Wall
Windblown Windblown
dirt dirt
covers cover
Wall Wall
like like
film film
often often
appears appears
pale pale
grey grey
dull dull
white white
Wall Wall
shines shine
blue blue
crystalline crystalline
sunlight sunlight
glimmers glimmer
palely palely
moonlight moonlight
glows glow
pink pink
purple purple
dawn dawn
Wall Wall
sparkles sparkle
melting melting
ice ice
sunny sunny
days day
rivulets rivulet
water water
compared compared
weeping weeping
Tunnels Tunnels
cut cut
Wall Wall
castle castle
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
sealed sealed
ice ice
stone stone
wherever wherever
castles castle
abandoned abandoned
times time
danger danger
Cells Cells
chiseled chiseled
ice ice
foot foot
Wall Wall
used used
storerooms storeroom
prisons prison
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
First First
Ranger Ranger
believes belief
Wall Wall
largest largest
structure structure
built built
man man
others others
say say
Hightower Hightower
Oldtown Oldtown
even even
taller taller
Wall Wall
allegedly allegedly
seen seen
towers tower
top top
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
raised raised
nineteen nineteen
castles castle
guard guard
hundred hundred
leagues league
Wall Wall
although although
never never
manned manned
seventeen seventeen
one one
time time
last last
three three
hundred hundred
years year
manpower manpower
Watch Watch
dropped dropped
castles castle
abandoned abandoned
Old Old
Nan Nan
refers refers
ghost ghost
castles castle
three three
castles castle
currently currently
remain remain
use use
though though
sometimes sometimes
larger larger
force force
sent sent
one one
abandoned abandoned
castles castle
fortnight fortnight
moons moon
turn turn
manned manned
castles castle
Castle Castle
Black Black
largestmaintained largestmaintained
castle castle
located located
northern northern
end end
kingsroad kingsroad
held held
nearly nearly
six six
hundred hundred
Brothers Brothers
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
westernmost westernmost
occupied occupied
castles castle
garrisoned garrisoned
two two
hundred hundred
men men
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
port port
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
smallest smallest
garrison garrison
located located
eastern eastern
end end
Wall Wall
nineteen nineteen
castles castle
Wall Wall
listed listed
west west
east east
builders builder
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
permit permit
forest forest
come come
closer closer
half half
mile mile
Wall Wall
However However
time time
forest forest
crept crept
back back
closer closer
abandoned abandoned
castles castle
Rangers Rangers
patrol patrol
lands land
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
top top
wall wall
studded studded
catapults catapult
cranes crane
trebuchets trebuchet
immobile immobile
Additionally Additionally
catapults catapult
trebuchets trebuchet
dismantled dismantled
repair repair
never never
reassembled reassembled
frozen frozen
ice ice
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
reach reach
top top
Wall Wall
southern southern
side side
via via
ramps ramp
earth earth
gravel gravel
winchdrawn winchdrawn
cages cage
steps step
ice ice
stone stone
wood wood
twisting twisting
tunnel tunnel
Wall Wall
Castle Castle
Black Black
secured secured
thick thick
oaken oaken
door door
three three
grates grate
heavy heavy
iron iron
bars bar
massive massive
chains chain
must must
unlocked unlocked
murder murder
holes hole
gate gate
Nightfort Nightfort
iron iron
portcullis portcullis
tunnels tunnel
sealed sealed
except except
Castle Castle
Black Black
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
however however
galleys galley
Eastwatch Eastwatch
patrol patrol
Bay Bay
Seals Seals
part part
catch catch
smugglers smuggler
bypass bypass
Wall Wall
sea sea
trade trade
weapons weapon
wildlings wildlings
west west
southern southern
Frostfangs Frostfangs
Gorge Gorge
make make
terrain terrain
impassable impassable
small small
groups group
raiders raider
Wall Wall
provides provides
tremendous tremendous
tactical tactical
advantage advantage
defenders defender
enabling enabling
small small
group group
hold hold
much much
larger larger
force force
Defenders Defenders
generally generally
beyond beyond
range range
bow bow
shot shot
catapult catapult
turn turn
rely rely
archery archery
catapult catapult
dropped dropped
objects object
deter deter
assault assault
particular particular
barrels barrel
containing containing
rocks rock
frozen frozen
ice ice
effective effective
dispersing dispersing
mass mass
charge charge
Attackers Attackers
must must
rely rely
one one
two two
tactics tactic
direct direct
assault assault
one one
welldefended welldefended
gates gate
scaling scaling
Wall Wall
small small
groups group
attacking attacking
gate gate
rear rear
gates gate
designed designed
features feature
murder murder
holes hole
limited limited
access access
make make
difficult difficult
force force
extreme extreme
case case
gates gate
filled filled
rock rock
ice ice
thus thus
becoming becoming
impervious impervious
part part
wall wall
Scaling Scaling
Wall Wall
involves involves
similar similar
difficulties difficulty
Wildlings Wildlings
climb climb
northern northern
side side
Wall Wall
hempen hempen
rope rope
stone stone
hammers hammer
ice ice
axes ax
spiked spiked
boots boot
team team
determined determined
climbers climber
reach reach
top top
undetected undetected
defenders defender
easily easily
knock knock
dropped dropped
objects object
archery archery
Wall Wall
thought thought
defend defend
disgorging disgorging
sheets sheet
ice ice
Wall Wall
made made
defend defend
realms realm
First First
Men Men
men men
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
reportedly reportedly
defended defended
Wall Wall
Others Others
monsters monster
eight eight
thousand thousand
years year
since since
end end
Long Long
Night Night
According According
legend legend
Wall Wall
built built
Brandon Brandon
Builder Builder
assistance assistance
children child
forest forest
giants giant
protected protected
ancient ancient
spells spell
sorcery sorcery
Supposedly Supposedly
Brandon Brandon
placed placed
foundations foundation
along along
heights height
wherever wherever
possible possible
Also Also
according according
legend legend
Wall Wall
vulnerable vulnerable
Horn Horn
Joramun Joramun
Maesters Maesters
dispute dispute
base base
Wall Wall
made made
stone stone
generally generally
believe believe
builders builder
Watch Watch
used used
sledges sledge
transport transport
ice ice
cut cut
frozen frozen
lakes lake
haunted haunted
forest forest
However However
severelyreduced severelyreduced
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
present present
time time
limited limited
maintenance maintenance
duty duty
KingsBeyondtheWall KingsBeyondtheWall
led led
hosts host
free free
folk folk
south south
broken broken
Wall Wall
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
managed managed
evade evade
Watch Watch
pass pas
south south
House House
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
visited visited
Winterfell Winterfell
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
flew flew
Silverwing Silverwing
visit visit
Wall Wall
dragons dragon
refusal refusal
cross cross
Wall Wall
puzzled puzzled
disturbed disturbed
queen queen
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
joins join
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
accompanies accompanies
north north
see see
Wall Wall
Tyrion Tyrion
spends spends
several several
weeks week
riding riding
Wall Wall
conversing conversing
officers officer
taking taking
winch winch
cage cage
top top
Tyrion Tyrion
walks walk
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
drawn drawn
night night
guard guard
youths youth
direwolf direwolf
Ghost Ghost
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
afraid afraid
taking taking
cage cage
top top
nightmare nightmare
crypt crypt
Winterfell Winterfell
Jon Jon
climbs climb
Wall Wall
walks walk
sunrise sunrise
Heading Heading
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
Sam Sam
participate participate
great great
ranging ranging
led led
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
KingBeyondtheWall KingBeyondtheWall
free free
folk folk
search search
Frostfangs Frostfangs
Milkwater Milkwater
Horn Horn
Winter Winter
allegedly allegedly
bring bring
Wall Wall
Feigning Feigning
allegiance allegiance
wildling wildling
cause cause
Jon Jon
climbs climb
Wall Wall
group group
wildlings wildlings
Sheets Sheets
ice ice
break break
leading leading
death death
Jarl Jarl
descend descend
Wall Wall
Greyguard Greyguard
mutiny mutiny
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
Samwell Samwell
Gilly Gilly
flee flee
south south
pass pas
Wall Wall
via via
Black Black
Gate Gate
Nightfort Nightfort
Sam Sam
informs informs
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
companions companion
pass pas
north north
Wall Wall
Mance Mance
sends sends
chiefs chief
captains captain
attack attack
various various
places place
along along
Wall Wall
spreading spreading
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
thin thin
Styr Styr
leads lead
attack attack
Castle Castle
Black Black
defense defense
led led
Jon Jon
Donal Donal
Noye Noye
Mances Mances
wildling wildling
host host
attacks attack
Wall Wall
north north
giants giant
mammoths mammoth
Jon Jon
takes take
command command
defense defense
Donals Donals
death death
parley parley
Mance Mance
displays display
giant giant
horn horn
Jon Jon
reluctant reluctant
use use
hopes hope
lead lead
free free
folk folk
Wall Wall
seek seek
refuge refuge
Others Others
wildlings wildlings
defeated defeated
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Watch Watch
battle battle
beneath beneath
Wall Wall
Following Following
battle battle
Jon Jon
Melisandre Melisandre
ascend ascend
Wall Wall
meet meet
Stannis Stannis
offers offer
name name
Jon Jon
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
Jon Jon
declines decline
however however
ends end
chosen chosen
th th
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Free Free
folk folk
submit submit
Stannis Stannis
allowed allowed
pass pas
Wall Wall
Bowen Bowen
Marsh Marsh
objects object
preferring preferring
instead instead
seal seal
gates gate
free free
folk folk
accept accept
Jons Jons
offer offer
help help
man man
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
sends sends
Val Val
find find
Tormund Tormund
Giantsbane Giantsbane
haunted haunted
forest forest
Tormund Tormund
eventually eventually
agrees agrees
pass pas
Wall Wall
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Snow Snow
puts put
plans plan
motion motion
man man
castles castle
include include
Builders Builders
begin begin
construction construction
new new
switchback switchback
stair stair
replace replace
ruined ruined
one one
Castle Castle
Black Black
Jon Jon
intends intends
series series
beacon beacon
towers tower
built built
atop atop
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
decides decides
hang hang
Janos Janos
Slynt Slynt
Wall Wall
insubordination insubordination
changes change
mind mind
instead instead
beheads beheads
Janos Janos
Longclaw Longclaw
Melisandre Melisandre
thinks think
stronger stronger
ever ever
Wall Wall
burns burn
claimed claimed
Horn Horn
Winter Winter
Tormund Tormund
later later
explains explains
Jon Jon
Mance Mance
never never
found found
horn horn
could could
bring bring
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
nightmare nightmare
defending defending
top top
Wall Wall
dead dead
including including
wildlings wildlings
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
half half
brother brother
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
eventually eventually
betrayed betrayed
mutiny mutiny
Castle Castle
Black Black
According According
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
inspiration inspiration
Wall Wall
came came
Hadrians Hadrians
Wall Wall
could could
see see
miles mile
pale pale
blue blue
line line
across across
northern northern
horizon horizon
stretching stretching
away away
east east
west west
vanishing vanishing
far far
distance distance
immense immense
unbroken unbroken
end end
world world
seemed seemed
sayAlmost sayAlmost
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
high high
stood stood
three three
times time
height height
tallest tallest
tower tower
stronghold stronghold
sheltered sheltered
uncle uncle
said said
top top
wide wide
enough enough
dozen dozen
armored armored
knights knight
ride ride
abreast abreast
gaunt gaunt
outlines outline
huge huge
catapults catapult
monstrous monstrous
wooden wooden
cranes crane
stood stood
sentry sentry
like like
skeletons skeleton
great great
birds bird
among among
walked walked
men men
black black
small small
antsJon antsJon
hate hate
coldDonal coldDonal
Yes Yes
Cold Cold
hard hard
mean mean
thats thats
Wall Wall
men men
walk walk
like like
stories story
wet wet
nurse nurse
told told
Well Well
piss piss
stories story
piss piss
wet wet
nurse nurse
way way
youre youre
life life
rest rest
usHe usHe
looked looked
east east
west west
Wall Wall
stretching stretching
vast vast
white white
road road
beginning beginning
end end
dark dark
abyss abyss
either either
sideSometimes sideSometimes
seemed seemed
Jon Jon
almost almost
living living
thing thing
moods mood
color color
ice ice
wont wont
change change
every every
shift shift
light light
deep deep
blue blue
frozen frozen
rivers river
dirty dirty
white white
old old
snow snow
cloud cloud
passed passed
sun sun
darkened darkened
pale pale
grey grey
pitted pitted
stone stone
Wall Wall
stretched stretched
east east
west west
far far
eye eye
could could
see see
huge huge
shrunk shrunk
timbered timbered
keeps keep
stone stone
towers tower
castle castle
insignificance insignificance
end end
worldIf worldIf
Wall Wall
ever ever
fall fall
fires fire
go go
outThe outThe
Wall Wall
stop stop
army army
man man
aloneAnd aloneAnd
theyve theyve
built built
great great
wall wall
valleys valley
fished fished
fish fish
rillsYgritte rillsYgritte
hate hate
Wall Wall
feel feel
cold cold
isJon isJon
made made
iceYgritte iceYgritte
know know
nothing nothing
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
wall wall
made made
bloodThe bloodThe
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
forgotten forgotten
true true
purpose purpose
Tarly Tarly
dont dont
build build
wall wall
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
high high
keep keep
savages savage
skins skin
stealing stealing
women woman
Wall Wall
made made
guard guard
realms realm
men men
men men
wildlings wildlings
come come
right right
many many
years year
Tarly Tarly
many many
hundreds hundred
thousands thousand
years year
lost lost
sight sight
true true
enemyMance enemyMance
Raymun Raymun
Redbeard Redbeard
Bael Bael
Bard Bard
Gendel Gendel
Gorne Gorne
Horned Horned
Lord Lord
came came
south south
conquer conquer
Ive Ive
come come
tail tail
legs leg
hide hide
behind behind
Wall Wall
sound sound
Horn Horn
Winter Winter
Wall Wall
fall fall
songs song
would would
believe believe
among among
people people
want want
nothing nothing
Dalla Dalla
Wall Wall
fallen fallen
stop stop
OthersI OthersI
dreamed dreamed
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Great Great
lore lore
raised raised
great great
spells spell
locked locked
beneath beneath
ice ice
walk walk
beneath beneath
one one
hinges hinge
worldJon worldJon
Snow Snow
glanced glanced
Wall Wall
towering towering
like like
cliff cliff
ice ice
hundred hundred
leagues league
end end
end end
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
high high
strength strength
Wall Wall
height height
length length
Wall Wall
weakness weakness
Jon Jon
remembered remembered
something something
father father
said said
wall wall
strong strong
men men
stand stand
behind behind
men men
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
brave brave
enough enough
far far
task task
confronted confronted
themWinter themWinter
coming coming
white white
walkers walker
Wall Wall
stop stop
Wall Wall
made made
stop stop
Wall Wall
must must
manned manned
mutiny mutiny
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
rebellious rebellious
engagement engagement
involving involving
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
crushing crushing
defeat defeat
fight fight
Fist Fist
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
forced forced
retreat retreat
seek seek
shelter shelter
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
haunted haunted
forest forest
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
losing losing
strength strength
years year
fewer fewer
volunteers volunteer
every every
season season
increasingly increasingly
relies relies
dungeons dungeon
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
fill fill
ranks rank
Many Many
disreputable disreputable
individuals individual
selected selected
great great
ranging ranging
forced forced
march march
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
makes make
even even
disgruntled disgruntled
Chett Chett
brothers brother
plan plan
betray betray
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
senior senior
commanders commander
escape escape
Watch Watch
combination combination
heavy heavy
weather weather
assault assault
wights wight
Fist Fist
First First
Men Men
make make
plan plan
redundant redundant
Around Around
sixty sixty
men men
retreat retreat
fight fight
Fist Fist
die die
wounds wound
wander wander
attacked attacked
wights wight
Others Others
Fortyfour Fortyfour
men men
reach reach
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
morale morale
low low
certain certain
brothers brother
start start
vocal vocal
criticism criticism
several several
days day
Bannen Bannen
three three
others others
died died
leaving leaving
thirtytwo thirtytwo
men men
capable capable
fighting fighting
eight eight
incapacitated incapacitated
wounds wound
illness illness
Trouble Trouble
begins begin
Ulmer Ulmer
asks asks
bread bread
Crasters Crasters
wives wife
brought brought
two two
loaves loaf
starving starving
men men
eat eat
Clubfoot Clubfoot
Karl Karl
Dirk Dirk
demand demand
food food
rejected rejected
Craster Craster
Karl Karl
defies defies
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
order order
silent silent
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
thinks think
Karl Karl
sit sit
Craster Craster
interrupting interrupting
standoff standoff
axe axe
gifted gifted
Jeor Jeor
states state
disrespect disrespect
home home
must must
sleep sleep
outside outside
cold cold
without without
food food
Losing Losing
temper temper
called called
bastard bastard
Craster Craster
vaults vault
table table
throat throat
slit slit
Dirk Dirk
Craster Craster
crashes crash
face face
first first
across across
wounded wounded
Ser Ser
Byam Byam
Flint Flint
drowns drowns
blood blood
Dirk Dirk
shoves shove
knife knife
chin chin
one one
Crasters Crasters
wives wife
demanding demanding
show show
food food
kill kill
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Mormont Mormont
tells tell
Dirk Dirk
unhand unhand
Garth Garth
Greenaway Greenaway
blocks block
path path
Ollo Ollo
Lophand Lophand
stabs stab
Jeors Jeors
belly belly
Garth Garth
Greenaway Greenaway
kills kill
Garth Garth
Oldtown Oldtown
Rolley Rolley
Sisterton Sisterton
breaks break
neck neck
falling falling
loft loft
chasing chasing
Crasters Crasters
wives wife
Fearing Fearing
killed killed
mutineers mutineer
Grenn Grenn
Dolorous Dolorous
Edd Edd
Bedwyck Bedwyck
Dywen Dywen
loyalists loyalist
admit admit
defeat defeat
retreat retreat
back back
Castle Castle
Black Black
report report
disastrous disastrous
expedition expedition
Grenn Grenn
urges urge
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
come come
move move
note note
Sweet Sweet
Donnel Donnel
Hill Hill
complicit complicit
Chetts Chetts
plan plan
betray betray
brothers brother
Fist Fist
First First
Men Men
appears appears
fight fight
Fist Fist
decided decided
remain remain
loyal loyal
Watch Watch
Approximately Approximately
dozen dozen
men men
return return
Wall Wall
attack attack
Castle Castle
Black Black
men men
Jarman Jarman
Buckwell Buckwell
also also
return return
Castle Castle
Black Black
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
mutineers mutineer
gorge gorge
Crasters Crasters
cellar cellar
rape rape
younger younger
wives wife
shocked shocked
Sam Sam
sits sits
dying dying
Jeor Jeor
Mormonts Mormonts
head head
lap lap
Jeor Jeor
tells tell
Sam Sam
make make
Wall Wall
instructing instructing
inform inform
Castle Castle
Black Black
happened happened
Lord Lord
Commanders Commanders
dying dying
wish wish
exiled exiled
son son
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
take take
black black
Encouraged Encouraged
escape escape
Crasters Crasters
wives wife
Sam Sam
flees flees
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
Gilly Gilly
baby baby
Nine Nine
mutineers mutineer
remain remain
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
food food
wives wife
Five Five
betrayers betrayer
later later
wander wander
haunted haunted
forest forest
planning planning
head head
south south
Wall Wall
warmer warmer
climate climate
However However
killed killed
Coldhands Coldhands
ravens raven
Summer Summer
direwolf direwolf
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
finds find
bodies body
eats eats
parts part
meat meat
Loyalist Loyalist
casualties casualty
include include
limited limited
Loyalists Loyalists
confirmed confirmed
survive survive
return return
Wall Wall
Craster Craster
calls call
bastard bastard
Karl Karl
men men
know know
Craster Craster
Clubfoot Clubfoot
Karl Karl
Jeor Jeor
gods god
curse curse
us u
crime crime
foul foul
guest guest
bring bring
murder murder
mans man
hall hall
laws law
hearth hearth
Dirk Dirk
laws law
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
old old
man man
Remember Remember
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
Dirk Dirk
Ollo Ollo
one one
hand hand
quick quick
twisted twisted
free free
old old
mans man
grasp grasp
shoved shoved
knife knife
Mormonts Mormonts
belly belly
yanked yanked
red red
world world
went went
mad mad
thoughts thought
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
Rolley Rolley
Sisterton Sisterton
steward steward
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
cousin cousin
Lark Lark
Sisterman Sisterman
Rolley Rolley
comes come
Sisterton Sisterton
Sweetsister Sweetsister
main main
port port
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
Rolley Rolley
part part
great great
ranging ranging
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
force force
leaves leaf
Castle Castle
Black Black
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
search search
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
Lark Lark
cousins cousin
Rolley Rolley
conspire conspire
Chett Chett
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
conspiracy conspiracy
halted halted
wights wight
attack attack
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Rolley Rolley
among among
survivors survivor
fight fight
Fist Fist
make make
back back
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
among among
men men
mutiny mutiny
Crasters Crasters
breaks break
neck neck
falls fall
loft loft
trying trying
get get
Crasters Crasters
wives wife
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
home home
Craster Craster
ornery ornery
wildling wildling
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
friend friend
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
actual actual
keep keep
given given
title title
members member
Watch Watch
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
sits sits
haunted haunted
forest forest
atop atop
low low
hill hill
earthen earthen
dike dike
around around
least least
one one
gate gate
southwest southwest
side side
compound compound
stream stream
runs run
around around
north north
end end
hill hill
gate gate
decorated decorated
skulls skull
bear bear
ram ram
Inside Inside
dike dike
also also
midden midden
heap heap
pigsty pigsty
sheepfold sheepfold
keep keep
daubandwattle daubandwattle
hall hall
long long
low low
made made
logs log
roofed roofed
sod sod
big big
enough enough
hold hold
thirty thirty
fifty fifty
men men
best best
door door
hall hall
made made
two two
flaps flap
deer deer
hide hide
windowless windowless
hall hall
single single
room room
sleeping sleeping
loft loft
reached reached
pair pair
splintery splintery
ladders ladder
Craster Craster
chair chair
inside inside
others others
sit sit
benches bench
firepit firepit
center center
dirt dirt
floor floor
dogs dog
run run
around around
also also
cellar cellar
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
stays stay
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
great great
ranging ranging
north north
Wall Wall
Craster Craster
informs informs
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
visited visited
Ser Ser
Waymar Waymar
Royce Royce
Gared Gared
search search
wildling wildling
raiders raider
Waymar Waymar
refused refused
stay stay
overnight overnight
however however
Craster Craster
claims claim
visited visited
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
Ghost Ghost
direwolf direwolf
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
scares scare
pregnant pregnant
Gilly Gilly
kills kill
rabbit rabbit
Plotting Plotting
mutiny mutiny
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Chett Chett
decides decides
claim claim
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
wives wife
plans plan
interrupted interrupted
fight fight
Fist Fist
however however
fortyfour fortyfour
survivors survivor
Fist Fist
reach reach
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
Four Four
die die
wounds wound
however however
including including
Bannen Bannen
whose whose
body body
burned burned
attacks attack
wights wight
Others Others
stay stay
number number
black black
brothers brother
practice practice
archery archery
Crasters Crasters
yard yard
Clubfoot Clubfoot
Karl Karl
Garth Garth
Oldtown Oldtown
believe believe
Craster Craster
keeping keeping
food food
secret secret
larder larder
feast feast
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
leave leave
Craster Craster
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Mormont Mormont
killed killed
mutiny mutiny
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
mutineers mutineer
gorge gorge
Crasters Crasters
cellar cellar
rape rape
wives wife
betrayers betrayer
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
reside reside
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
Bran Bran
Starks Starks
journey journey
north north
haunted haunted
forest forest
cave cave
threeeyed threeeyed
crow crow
Coldhands Coldhands
kills kill
small small
group group
foes foe
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Samwell Samwell
Whats Whats
castle castle
like like
Jon Jon
midden midden
heap heap
roof roof
firepitYour firepitYour
uncle uncle
could could
tell tell
times time
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
made made
difference difference
life life
death death
rangersCrows rangersCrows
black black
bird bird
ever ever
bring bring
good good
mans man
hall hall
ask ask
Never Never
Never Never
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
also also
known known
Ben Ben
Stark Stark
First First
Ranger Ranger
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
younger younger
brother brother
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Benjen Benjen
portrayed portrayed
Joseph Joseph
Mawle Mawle
Season Season
flashback flashback
Matteo Matteo
Elezi Elezi
gaunt gaunt
Benjen Benjen
sharp sharp
features feature
bluegrey bluegrey
eyes eye
hint hint
laughter laughter
often often
present present
thin thin
ranger ranger
long long
legs leg
Benjen Benjen
dresses dress
black black
befits befits
man man
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
formal formal
occasions occasion
wears wear
rich rich
velvet velvet
high high
leather leather
boots boot
silver silver
buckle buckle
wide wide
belt belt
heavy heavy
silver silver
chain chain
Benjen Benjen
observant observant
genial genial
although although
shares share
brother brother
Eddards Eddards
dislike dislike
House House
Lannister Lannister
enjoys enjoys
summerwine summerwine
First First
Ranger Ranger
likely likely
successor successor
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Benjen Benjen
youngest youngest
child child
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
Stark Stark
Lady Lady
Lyarra Lyarra
Stark Stark
attended attended
tourney tourney
Harrenhal Harrenhal
siblings sibling
Brandon Brandon
Eddard Eddard
Lyanna Lyanna
AC AC
tournament tournament
Lyanna Lyanna
rescued rescued
fathers father
vassal vassal
Howland Howland
Reed Reed
attack attack
three three
squires squire
Benjen Benjen
offered offered
Howland Howland
horse horse
armor armor
could could
challenge challenge
attackers attacker
feast feast
held held
celebrate celebrate
start start
tournament tournament
teased teased
Lyanna Lyanna
cried cried
sad sad
beautiful beautiful
song song
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
noted noted
musician musician
Lyanna Lyanna
poured poured
wine wine
head head
teasing teasing
black black
brother brother
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
spoke spoke
feast feast
attempting attempting
convince convince
gathered gathered
people people
join join
black black
brothers brother
Benjen Benjen
took took
plea plea
heart heart
first first
time time
Benjen Benjen
got got
well well
truly truly
drunk drunk
younger younger
fourteen fourteen
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Although Although
House House
Stark Stark
reduced reduced
Benjen Benjen
Eddard Eddard
Eddards Eddards
infant infant
son son
Robb Robb
Eddards Eddards
infant infant
bastard bastard
son son
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
due due
events event
war war
Benjen Benjen
joined joined
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
within within
months month
Eddards Eddards
return return
north north
reasons reason
unknown unknown
Benjen Benjen
took took
vows vow
front front
heart heart
tree tree
located located
half half
league league
Castle Castle
Black Black
within within
haunted haunted
forest forest
north north
Wall Wall
Benjens Benjens
skills skill
served served
well well
ranger ranger
quickly quickly
rose rose
position position
First First
Ranger Ranger
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
came came
consider consider
Benjen Benjen
bane bane
free free
folk folk
Benjen Benjen
visited visited
Winterfell Winterfell
several several
occasions occasion
years year
one one
visit visit
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
asked asked
uncle uncle
mysterious mysterious
Nightfort Nightfort
Benjen Benjen
Eddard Eddard
discussed discussed
repopulating repopulating
Gift Gift
raising raising
new new
lords lord
could could
function function
shield shield
wildlings wildlings
Benjen Benjen
convinced convinced
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
could could
convinced convinced
part part
land land
condition condition
taxes tax
would would
paid paid
Castle Castle
Black Black
instead instead
Winterfell Winterfell
Benjen Benjen
also also
writes writes
brother brother
military military
strength strength
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
rides ride
north north
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
sends sends
word word
Benjen Benjen
Wall Wall
feast feast
held held
welcome welcome
Robert Robert
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
impresses impress
uncle uncle
reciting reciting
names name
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
castles castle
along along
Wall Wall
Also Also
feast feast
Benjen Benjen
speaks speaks
Eddards Eddards
bastard bastard
son son
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
youth youth
rashly rashly
asks asks
allowed allowed
join join
Watch Watch
results result
argument argument
Benjen Benjen
states state
Jon Jon
rather rather
young young
Jon Jon
angrily angrily
refuses refuse
Benjens Benjens
suggestion suggestion
father father
bastard bastard
sons son
committing committing
life life
Wall Wall
Nonetheless Nonetheless
Benjen Benjen
approaches approach
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
Jon Jon
informing informing
maester maester
Jons Jons
question question
leads lead
Luwin Luwin
informing informing
Eddard Eddard
eventually eventually
Eddard Eddard
approves approves
Jon Jon
joining joining
Watch Watch
Benjen Benjen
part part
Roberts Roberts
party party
king king
hunts hunt
boar boar
near near
Winterfell Winterfell
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
accompanies accompanies
Benjen Benjen
Jon Jon
travel travel
north north
Wall Wall
back back
Castle Castle
Black Black
Benjen Benjen
busy busy
duties duty
First First
Ranger Ranger
much much
time time
Jon Jon
reminds reminds
nephew nephew
men men
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
leave leave
families family
loyalties loyalty
behind behind
join join
brotherhood brotherhood
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
sends sends
Benjen Benjen
six six
rangers ranger
find find
Ser Ser
Waymar Waymar
Royce Royce
returned returned
ranging ranging
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Benjen Benjen
thinks think
might might
search search
far far
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
word word
Benjen Benjen
Ser Ser
Jaremy Jaremy
Rykker Rykker
leads lead
two two
sweeps sweep
search search
Qhorin Qhorin
Halfhand Halfhand
leads lead
another another
search search
party party
going going
north north
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
Nothing Nothing
found found
except except
blazes blaze
trees tree
Benjen Benjen
used used
mark mark
way way
marks mark
stop stop
stony stony
highlands highland
northwest northwest
trace trace
Benjen Benjen
vanishes vanishes
Jaremy Jaremy
takes take
command command
rangers ranger
Benjens Benjens
absence absence
bodies body
rangers ranger
Othor Othor
Jafer Jafer
Flowers Flowers
accompanied accompanied
Benjen Benjen
ranging ranging
later later
found found
weirwood weirwood
grove grove
near near
Wall Wall
trace trace
Benjen Benjen
others others
however however
night night
two two
corpses corps
rise rise
wights wight
Castle Castle
Black Black
attempt attempt
kill kill
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Mormont Mormont
Dywen Dywen
Hake Hake
unsuccessfully unsuccessfully
search search
Ben Ben
Jeor Jeor
plans plan
find find
Benjen Benjen
either either
dead dead
alive alive
makes make
one one
goals goal
great great
ranging ranging
Jeor Jeor
rejects reject
Thoren Thoren
Smallwoods Smallwoods
insistence insistence
First First
Ranger Ranger
Benjen Benjen
missing missing
arriving arriving
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
asks asks
Craster Craster
whether whether
seen seen
Benjen Benjen
recently recently
Benjen Benjen
supposed supposed
passed passed
keep keep
ranging ranging
previous previous
year year
Craster Craster
claims claim
seen seen
Benjen Benjen
three three
years year
Jeor Jeor
believes belief
Benjen Benjen
can can
not not
fail fail
notice notice
trail trail
two two
hundred hundred
men men
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
horses horse
leave leave
behind behind
great great
ranging ranging
convinced convinced
Benjen Benjen
still still
alive alive
able able
find find
brothers brother
Fist Fist
First First
Men Men
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
KingBeyondtheWall KingBeyondtheWall
tells tell
Jon Jon
one one
reasons reason
infiltrating infiltrating
King King
Roberts Roberts
feast feast
Winterfell Winterfell
evaluate evaluate
Benjen Benjen
First First
Ranger Ranger
Ser Ser
Alliser Alliser
Thorne Thorne
accuses accuses
Jon Jon
turncloak turncloak
ponders ponders
missing missing
Benjen Benjen
conspiring conspiring
Mance Mance
Benjen Benjen
presumed presumed
dead dead
Black Black
Jack Jack
Bulwer Bulwer
replaced replaced
Benjen Benjen
First First
Ranger Ranger
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
witnesses witness
vision vision
past past
sees see
boy boy
girl girl
playing playing
wooden wooden
branches branch
godswood godswood
Winterfell Winterfell
readers reader
believe believe
Benjen Benjen
older older
sister sister
Lyanna Lyanna
Bran Bran
describes describes
girl girl
eldest eldest
two two
states state
looks look
like like
sister sister
Arya Arya
said said
look look
like like
Lyanna Lyanna
Additionally Additionally
girl girl
refers refers
Old Old
Nan Nan
placing placing
event event
Bran Bran
witnesses witness
taken taken
place place
recent recent
generations generation
Benjen Benjen
known known
woman woman
can can
not not
understand understand
would would
giving giving
Jon Jon
dont dont
care care
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
sworn sworn
brotherhood brotherhood
families family
None None
us u
ever ever
father father
sons son
wife wife
duty duty
mistress mistress
honorBenjen honorBenjen
Stark Stark
Sworn Sworn
Brother Brother
Jon Jon
would would
son son
child child
would would
never never
haveMy haveMy
uncle uncle
dead dead
hear hear
uncle uncle
deadTheres deadTheres
man man
Wall Wall
knows know
haunted haunted
forest forest
better better
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
Hell Hell
find find
way way
backHis backHis
blood blood
ran ran
black black
Made Made
brother brother
much much
yoursIve yoursIve
seen seen
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
three three
years year
truth truth
told told
never never
missed missed
Unhappy Unhappy
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Arya Arya
abandons abandon
dinner dinner
father father
comes come
room room
talk talk
sees see
sword sword
long long
talk talk
decides decides
take take
sword sword
away away
Several Several
days day
later later
Arya Arya
meets meet
new new
dancing dancing
master master
father father
enters enters
Small Small
Hall Hall
dinner dinner
already already
begun begun
Arya Arya
tell tell
fighting fighting
council council
Jory Jory
Cassel Cassel
asks asks
tourney tourney
everyone everyone
talking talking
Eddard Eddard
asks asks
anyone anyone
talking talking
Hand Hand
’ ’
s s
displeasure displeasure
whole whole
idea idea
Sansa Sansa
tremendously tremendously
excited excited
prospect prospect
tourney tourney
begs begs
allowed allowed
attend attend
Septa Septa
Mordane Mordane
mentions mention
family family
expected expected
attend attend
Eddard Eddard
agrees agrees
ensure ensure
seats seat
provided provided
Sansa Sansa
Arya Arya
Knowing Knowing
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
Arya Arya
insists insists
want want
attend attend
stupid stupid
tourney tourney
Sansa Sansa
taunts taunt
Arya Arya
would would
wanted wanted
anyway anyway
Eddard Eddard
loses loses
temper temper
threatens threatens
change change
mind mind
Quickly Quickly
regaining regaining
composure composure
Eddard Eddard
excuses excuse
gone gone
guardsmen guardsman
start start
talking talking
excitedly excitedly
tourney tourney
one one
talks talk
Arya Arya
likes like
way way
Back Back
Winterfell Winterfell
enjoyed enjoyed
listening listening
men men
talk talk
sounds sound
irritate irritate
blames blame
even even
father father
nothing nothing
save save
Lady Lady
Mycah Mycah
looking looking
disgustedly disgustedly
cold cold
food food
people people
around around
Arya Arya
pushes push
away away
table table
Septa Septa
Mordane Mordane
insists insists
Arya Arya
hasn hasn
’ ’
t t
eaten eaten
dashes dash
away away
runs run
chamber chamber
locks lock
digs dig
bottom bottom
chest chest
sword sword
Needle Needle
hidden hidden
Arya Arya
thinks think
could could
climb climb
like like
brother brother
Bran Bran
could could
steal steal
food food
run run
away away
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
would would
feel feel
lonely lonely
soft soft
knock knock
door door
proves prof
father father
says say
need need
talk talk
asks asks
politely politely
come come
way way
talks talk
Arya Arya
ashamed ashamed
realize realize
sad sad
angry angry
lets let
father father
immediately immediately
notices notice
sword sword
asks asks
whose whose
Arya Arya
explains explains
father father
asks asks
see see
father father
notices notice
Mikken Mikken
’ ’
s s
mark mark
blade blade
remarks remark
nineyearold nineyearold
daughter daughter
armed armed
forge forge
without without
knowledge knowledge
expected expected
rule rule
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Eddard Eddard
asks asks
gave gave
sword sword
Arya Arya
stays stay
silent silent
wanting wanting
betray betray
Jon Jon
father father
accepts accepts
tells tell
Arya Arya
sword sword
toy toy
asked asked
thinks think
Septa Septa
Mordane Mordane
would would
say say
playing playing
sword sword
Arya Arya
insists insists
playing playing
Eddard Eddard
states state
break break
sword sword
knee knee
Arya Arya
responds responds
“ “
Needle Needle
wouldn wouldn
’ ’
t t
break break
” ”
sword sword
name name
amuses amuses
father father
claims claim
Arya Arya
reminds reminds
sister sister
Lyanna Lyanna
might might
carried carried
sword sword
father father
allowed allowed
Arya Arya
surprised surprised
Eddard Eddard
says say
looks look
like like
aunt aunt
always always
described described
beautiful beautiful
something something
never never
said said
Arya Arya
Eddard Eddard
asks asks
Arya Arya
knows know
anything anything
use use
sword sword
replies reply
advice advice
Jon Jon
gave gave
“ “
Stick Stick
em em
pointy pointy
end end
” ”
tells tell
trying trying
learn learn
sadly sadly
adds add
asked asked
Mycah Mycah
practice practice
grief grief
starts start
sob sob
father father
’ ’
s s
chest chest
tells tell
Mycah Mycah
’ ’
s s
death death
fault fault
Arya Arya
sobs sob
hates hate
Queen Queen
Hound Hound
Joffrey Joffrey
King King
adds add
Joffery Joffery
lied lied
also also
hates hate
Sansa Sansa
Eddard Eddard
says say
everyone everyone
lies lie
believe believe
Nymeria Nymeria
ran ran
Arya Arya
exclaims exclaims
Jory Jory
promised promised
tell tell
Eddard Eddard
informs informs
Jory Jory
tell tell
figured figured
even even
blind blind
man man
could could
tell tell
wolf wolf
would would
left left
willingly willingly
Arya Arya
explains explains
Jory Jory
throw throw
rocks rock
drive drive
wolf wolf
away away
asks asks
father father
right right
thing thing
Eddard Eddard
assures assures
Eddard Eddard
tells tell
Arya Arya
winter winter
coming coming
explains explains
wolves wolf
stick stick
together together
winter winter
lone lone
wolf wolf
dies dy
enemies enemy
threatening threatening
Starks Starks
must must
stick stick
together together
like like
pack pack
wolves wolf
time time
start start
growing growing
hands hand
Arya Arya
back back
sword sword
saying saying
keep keep
asks asks
stick stick
sister sister
Three Three
days day
later later
Arya Arya
sent sent
Small Small
Hall Hall
steward steward
met met
Syrio Syrio
Forel Forel
former former
First First
Sword Sword
Braavos Braavos
tells tell
dancing dancing
master master
throws throw
wooden wooden
sword sword
can can
not not
catch catch
Unperturbed Unperturbed
Syrion Syrion
tells tell
Arya Arya
next next
day day
midday midday
catch catch
blade blade
picks pick
practice practice
sword sword
instructed instructed
finds find
heavy heavy
complains complains
weight weight
Syrio Syrio
explains explains
heavy heavy
make make
strong strong
fixes fix
grip grip
telling telling
squeeze squeeze
tight tight
Arya Arya
says say
might might
drop drop
Syrio Syrio
tells tell
sword sword
must must
become become
part part
arm arm
can can
not not
drop drop
part part
arm arm
Syrio Syrio
calls call
boy boy
third third
time time
Arya Arya
objects object
insists insists
matter matter
sword sword
gender gender
explains explains
teaching teaching
hacking hacking
hammering hammering
iron iron
dance dance
Westeros Westeros
swift swift
sudden sudden
Water Water
Dance Dance
Braavos Braavos
tells tell
try try
strike strike
tries try
unsuccessfully unsuccessfully
four four
hours hour
every every
muscle muscle
sore sore
next next
day day
real real
work work
begins begin
Appearing Appearing
Mentioned Mentioned
Mentioned Mentioned
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
daughter daughter
eldest eldest
child child
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
wife wife
Lady Lady
Joanna Joanna
Lannister Lannister
twin twin
younger younger
brother brother
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Cersei Cersei
played played
Lena Lena
Headey Headey
portrayed portrayed
child child
Nell Nell
Williams Williams
Season Season
flashback flashback
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Cersei Cersei
married married
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
became became
Queen Queen
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
mother mother
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Prince Prince
Tommen Tommen
House House
Baratheon Baratheon
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Cersei Cersei
becomes becomes
POV POV
character character
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
children child
Cersei Cersei
twinbrother twinbrother
Jaime Jaime
looked looked
alike alike
even even
father father
Tywin Tywin
could could
tell tell
apart apart
adults adult
still still
significantly significantly
resemble resemble
Cersei Cersei
strikingly strikingly
beautiful beautiful
woman woman
golden golden
hair hair
emerald emerald
green green
eyes eye
fair fair
skin skin
slender slender
graceful graceful
figure figure
Cersei Cersei
willful willful
ambitious ambitious
certain certain
low low
cunning cunning
hungry hungry
greedy greedy
power power
Cersei Cersei
believes belief
subtle subtle
politically politically
astute astute
hates hate
excluded excluded
power power
account account
gender gender
resents resents
customs custom
conventions convention
put put
female female
thinks think
female female
version version
father father
feels feel
slighted slighted
people people
obey obey
commands command
would would
done done
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
instead instead
give give
counsel counsel
disagree disagree
faults fault
gender gender
Cersei Cersei
impatient impatient
never never
forgets forgets
slight slight
whether whether
real real
imagined imagined
considers considers
caution caution
cowardice cowardice
disagreement disagreement
defiance defiance
quick quick
temper temper
easily easily
wounded wounded
pride pride
frequently frequently
lead lead
make make
rash rash
decisions decision
rarely rarely
considers considers
unintended unintended
consequences consequence
actions action
might might
shy shy
away away
using using
sex sex
weapon weapon
queens queen
fine fine
gowns gown
include include
one one
seagreen seagreen
silk silk
trimmed trimmed
pale pale
Myrish Myrish
lace lace
one one
black black
silk silk
red red
rubies ruby
sown sown
bodice bodice
lowcut lowcut
gown gown
deep deep
green green
velvet velvet
snowy snowy
linen linen
gown gown
sleeves sleeve
lined lined
gold gold
satin satin
clothofgold clothofgold
gown gown
slashed slashed
burgundy burgundy
velvet velvet
gown gown
stripes stripe
green green
satin satin
black black
velvet velvet
black black
Myrish Myrish
lace lace
bodice bodice
jadegreen jadegreen
gown gown
sleeves sleeve
silver silver
Myrish Myrish
lace lace
white white
gown gown
slashed slashed
clothofgold clothofgold
Cersei Cersei
wants want
discreet discreet
however however
dresses dress
hunting hunting
green green
leather leather
boots boot
brown brown
cloak cloak
Cerseis Cerseis
jewelry jewelry
includes includes
golden golden
ring ring
large large
emerald emerald
necklace necklace
diamonds diamond
emeralds emerald
golden golden
necklace necklace
large large
emerald emerald
jeweled jeweled
tiara tiara
also also
decorated decorated
emeralds emerald
Cerseis Cerseis
huge huge
royal royal
wheelhouse wheelhouse
doubledecked doubledecked
carriage carriage
oiled oiled
oak oak
gilded gilded
metal metal
queen queen
ornate ornate
barge barge
located located
harbor harbor
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Cersei Cersei
born born
AC AC
firstborn firstborn
child child
daughter daughter
Ser Ser
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
heir heir
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
wife wife
Lady Lady
Joanna Joanna
Cersei Cersei
born born
shortly shortly
twin twin
brother brother
Jaime Jaime
holding holding
foot foot
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
sent sent
twins twin
weights weight
gold gold
name name
day day
gift gift
commanded commanded
Tywin Tywin
bring bring
children child
court court
old old
enough enough
travel travel
currently currently
unknown unknown
whether whether
visit visit
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
actually actually
occurred occurred
royal royal
court court
came came
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
following following
death death
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Lannister Lannister
AC AC
Cersei Cersei
Jaime Jaime
visit visit
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
AC AC
mother mother
brought brought
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Anniversary Anniversary
Tourney Tourney
held held
celebrate celebrate
tenth tenth
year year
King King
Aeryss Aeryss
reign reign
early early
childhood childhood
Cersei Cersei
Jaime Jaime
inseparable inseparable
looked looked
similar similar
children child
point point
even even
father father
able able
keep keep
apart apart
similar similar
looks look
Cersei Cersei
occasionally occasionally
wore wore
Jaime Jaime
’ ’
s s
clothes clothes
took took
lessons lesson
masteratarms masteratarms
stead stead
without without
anyone anyone
realizing realizing
played played
bowels bowel
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
caged caged
lions lion
Cerseis Cerseis
late late
grandfather grandfather
Tytos Tytos
kept kept
Cersei Cersei
Jaime Jaime
would would
dare dare
climb climb
cage cage
Cersei Cersei
dared dared
go go
far far
touch touch
one one
lions lion
brother brother
pulled pulled
away away
Cersei Cersei
Jaime Jaime
slept slept
together together
bed bed
young young
experimented experimented
together together
sexual sexual
manner manner
young young
age age
one one
encounters encounter
caught caught
servant servant
informed informed
mother mother
guard guard
placed placed
near near
Cerseis Cerseis
bedchamber bedchamber
whilst whilst
Jaimes Jaimes
bedchamber bedchamber
moved moved
side side
castle castle
twins twin
told told
never never
anything anything
like like
ever ever
Joanna Joanna
would would
otherwise otherwise
forced forced
tell tell
father father
Cerseis Cerseis
mother mother
died died
long long
thereafter thereafter
AC AC
giving giving
birth birth
Cerseis Cerseis
younger younger
brother brother
Tyrion Tyrion
killing killing
mother mother
Cersei Cersei
despised despised
youngest youngest
sibling sibling
Shortly Shortly
Joannas Joannas
death death
Princess Princess
Dorne Dorne
visited visited
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
two two
youngest youngest
children child
Elia Elia
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
Though Though
Tyrion Tyrion
kept kept
sight sight
visit visit
Martells Martells
Cersei Cersei
promised promised
Princess Princess
Elia Elia
show show
Tyrion Tyrion
Threatening Threatening
brothers brother
wet wet
nurse nurse
sending sending
away away
Cersei Cersei
undid undid
Tyrions Tyrions
swaddling swaddling
clothes clothes
hurt hurt
little little
brother brother
Jaime Jaime
stopped stopped
Princess Princess
Dorne Dorne
proposed proposed
betrothal betrothal
Cersei Cersei
Oberyn Oberyn
visit visit
refused refused
Tywin Tywin
informed informed
Cersei Cersei
meant meant
bride bride
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
first first
informed informed
Cersei Cersei
wish wish
betroth betroth
crown crown
prince prince
older older
six six
seven seven
though though
told told
never never
speak speak
betrothal betrothal
officially officially
announced announced
Cersei Cersei
drew drew
picture picture
Rhaegar Rhaegar
dragon dragon
though though
claimed claimed
depicted depicted
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
sisterwife sisterwife
Alysanne Alysanne
Jaime Jaime
discovered discovered
age age
ten ten
AC AC
Cersei Cersei
became became
infatuated infatuated
Rhaegar Rhaegar
meeting meeting
first first
time time
tournament tournament
honor honor
Viseryss Viseryss
birth birth
Lannisport Lannisport
tourney tourney
began began
Cerseis Cerseis
aunt aunt
Lady Lady
Genna Genna
informed informed
Cersei Cersei
betrothal betrothal
Rhaegar Rhaegar
would would
announced announced
final final
feast feast
tourney tourney
separated separated
Jaime Jaime
following following
mothers mother
discovery discovery
sexual sexual
experimenting experimenting
Cersei Cersei
numerous numerous
bedmaids bedmaids
companions companion
daughters daughter
Tywins Tywins
bannermen bannermen
household household
knights knight
age age
Cersei Cersei
occasionally occasionally
appreciated appreciated
company company
liked liked
believing believing
weak weak
convinced convinced
trying trying
come come
Jaime Jaime
Following Following
Gennas Gennas
announcement announcement
Cerseis Cerseis
betrothal betrothal
Rhaegar Rhaegar
would would
soon soon
announced announced
Cersei Cersei
brought brought
Melara Melara
Hetherspoon Hetherspoon
Jeyne Jeyne
Farman Farman
woods wood
witch witch
Maggy Maggy
Frog Frog
Jeyne Jeyne
fled fled
fear fear
Cersei Cersei
inquired inquired
Rhaegar Rhaegar
would would
wed wed
many many
children child
would would
Maggy Maggy
correctly correctly
predicted predicted
Cerseis Cerseis
marriage marriage
king king
amount amount
children child
would would
went went
prophesy prophesy
Cersei Cersei
would would
outlive outlive
children child
would would
die die
kings king
queens queen
everything everything
taken taken
away away
younger younger
beautiful beautiful
queen queen
valonqar valonqar
would would
come come
end end
life life
Melara Melara
suggested suggested
never never
spoke spoke
prophecies prophecy
would would
come come
true true
However However
Melara Melara
died died
shortly shortly
visit visit
Maggy Maggy
implied implied
Cersei Cersei
killed killed
girl girl
prevent prevent
speaking speaking
prophecies prophecy
Melaras Melaras
death death
Cersei Cersei
inquired inquired
septa septum
Saranella Saranella
meaning meaning
valonqar valonqar
informed informed
High High
Valyrian Valyrian
little little
brother brother
Cersei Cersei
eventually eventually
became became
convinced convinced
Tyrion Tyrion
valonqar valonqar
Maggy Maggy
spoke spoke
resulting resulting
despising despising
mistrusting mistrusting
even even
prophecy prophecy
valonqar valonqar
continued continued
haunt haunt
Cersei Cersei
guests guest
left left
westerlands westerlands
Cersei Cersei
learned learned
aunt aunt
Tywin Tywin
proposed proposed
betrothal betrothal
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Aerys Aerys
refused refused
Cersei Cersei
bride bride
son son
heir heir
age age
twelve twelve
following following
failure failure
Lord Lord
Steffon Steffon
Baratheons Baratheons
mission mission
find find
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
suitable suitable
bride bride
Essos Essos
Cersei Cersei
taken taken
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
father father
still still
served served
Hand Hand
King King
following following
years year
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
refused refused
every every
offer offer
marriage marriage
Cersei Cersei
According According
Jaime Jaime
Tywin Tywin
still still
sights sight
set set
Targaryen Targaryen
match match
either either
hoping hoping
betroth betroth
Cersei Cersei
young young
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
hoping hoping
Rhaegars Rhaegars
new new
bride bride
Elia Elia
Martell Martell
die die
childbirth childbirth
AC AC
Cersei Cersei
fifteen fifteen
Jaime Jaime
visited visited
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
receiving receiving
knighthood knighthood
Cersei Cersei
informed informed
father father
discussing discussing
betrothing betrothing
Jaime Jaime
Lysa Lysa
Tully Tully
Cersei Cersei
seduced seduced
Jaime Jaime
persuaded persuaded
join join
Kingsguard Kingsguard
would would
require require
remain remain
unmarried unmarried
live live
near near
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Cersei Cersei
knew knew
Tywin Tywin
would would
opposed opposed
idea idea
could could
openly openly
object object
offered offered
make make
arrangements arrangement
However However
idea idea
much much
relationship relationship
father father
king king
deteriorated deteriorated
although although
Aerys Aerys
award award
Jaime Jaime
place place
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Tywin Tywin
perceived perceived
Jaimes Jaimes
appointment appointment
Kingsguard Kingsguard
slight slight
King King
Aerys Aerys
intended intended
rob rob
heir heir
Furiously Furiously
resigned resigned
Hand Hand
moved moved
back back
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
Cersei Cersei
separating separating
twins twin
conclusion conclusion
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
marriage marriage
arranged arranged
Cersei Cersei
new new
king king
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
order order
seal seal
new new
royal royal
houses house
alliance alliance
House House
Lannister Lannister
Cersei Cersei
Robert Robert
wed wed
AC AC
Jaime Jaime
sex sex
morning morning
wedding wedding
Nonetheless Nonetheless
Cersei Cersei
first first
enthralled enthralled
happy happy
crowds crowd
royal royal
wedding wedding
However However
enthusiasm enthusiasm
match match
ended ended
Robert Robert
called called
Lyanna Lyanna
first first
night night
together together
marriage marriage
rapidly rapidly
deteriorated deteriorated
Cersei Cersei
resumed resumed
incestuous incestuous
relationship relationship
Jaime Jaime
bore bore
three three
children child
Joffrey Joffrey
Myrcella Myrcella
Tommen Tommen
successfully successfully
passed passed
Roberts Roberts
trueborn trueborn
heirs heir
Although Although
king king
away away
births birth
children child
Jaime Jaime
present present
least least
Joffreys Joffreys
birth birth
though though
Cersei Cersei
refused refused
let let
brother brother
hold hold
child child
fearing fearing
people people
might might
start start
suspect suspect
true true
parentage parentage
one one
occasion occasion
early early
marriage marriage
Cersei Cersei
became became
pregnant pregnant
Robert Robert
Unwilling Unwilling
give give
birth birth
Roberts Roberts
child child
sent sent
Jaime Jaime
find find
woman woman
cleanse cleanse
grown grown
resent resent
Robert Robert
years year
Cersei Cersei
took took
care care
ensure ensure
impregnate impregnate
early early
years year
marriage marriage
Cersei Cersei
declined declined
Roberts Roberts
invitations invitation
hunt hunt
Roberts Roberts
trips trip
allowed allowed
time time
Jaime Jaime
two two
Roberts Roberts
Estermont Estermont
uncles uncle
Greenstone Greenstone
remained remained
court court
half half
year year
following following
Cerseis Cerseis
marriage marriage
Robert Robert
insisted insisted
repaying repaying
visit visit
Cersei Cersei
Jaime Jaime
accompanied accompanied
twoweek twoweek
stay stay
Estermont Estermont
Cersei Cersei
suspected suspected
Robert Robert
sleeping sleeping
cousin cousin
Jaime Jaime
follow follow
Robert Robert
confirms confirms
suspicions suspicion
Cersei Cersei
Jaime Jaime
slept slept
together together
Greenstone Greenstone
Cersei Cersei
likes like
believe believe
night night
eldest eldest
son son
Joffrey Joffrey
conceived conceived
Robert Robert
claimed claimed
rights right
frequently frequently
early early
years year
marriage marriage
drinking drinking
led led
hurting hurting
Cersei Cersei
encounters encounter
confronted confronted
first first
year year
marriage marriage
Robert Robert
claimed claimed
drink drink
blame blame
tried tried
take take
another another
horn horn
ale ale
Cersei Cersei
smashed smashed
horn horn
face face
chipping chipping
tooth tooth
Robert Robert
claimed claimed
remember remember
anything anything
nights night
Cersei Cersei
believes belief
otherwise otherwise
certain certain
Robert Robert
recall recall
felt felt
pretending pretending
forget forget
easier easier
facing facing
truth truth
Cersei Cersei
turn turn
tried tried
pretend pretend
Robert Robert
Rhaegar Rhaegar
years year
time time
Robert Robert
came came
Cerseis Cerseis
bed bed
less le
frequently frequently
even even
year year
True True
Maggys Maggys
prophecy prophecy
Cersei Cersei
three three
children child
Robert Robert
sired sired
several several
bastards bastard
Joffrey Joffrey
assaulted assaulted
pregnant pregnant
cat cat
Robert Robert
suggested suggested
bringing bringing
bastard bastard
daughter daughter
court court
Cersei Cersei
threatened threatened
girl girl
claiming claiming
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
dangerous dangerous
place place
girl girl
growing growing
Though Though
Robert Robert
hit hit
Cersei Cersei
girl girl
brought brought
court court
Roberts Roberts
bastards bastard
kept kept
sight sight
According According
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
however however
rumors rumor
Robert Robert
fathered fathered
twins twin
serving serving
woman woman
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
AC AC
Cersei Cersei
babes babe
killed killed
mother mother
sold sold
slaver slaver
Eventually Eventually
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Lord Lord
Dragonstone Dragonstone
familiar familiar
appearance appearance
brother brother
Roberts Roberts
blackhaired blackhaired
blueeyed blueeyed
bastard bastard
offspring offspring
grew grew
suspicious suspicious
royal royal
childrens childrens
lack lack
resemblance resemblance
supposed supposed
father father
confided confided
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Hand Hand
King King
two two
investigated investigated
matter matter
together together
tourney tourney
Prince Prince
Joffreys Joffreys
name name
day day
Cersei Cersei
children child
travelled travelled
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
fortnight fortnight
following following
tourney tourney
Jon Jon
poisoned poisoned
fell fell
ill ill
eventually eventually
dying dying
could could
act act
Stannis Stannis
convinced convinced
Cersei Cersei
responsible responsible
Jons Jons
death death
fled fled
Dragonstone Dragonstone
death death
Hand Hand
King King
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Cersei Cersei
accompanies accompanies
husband husband
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
Winterfell Winterfell
king king
offers offer
position position
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Cersei Cersei
travels travel
huge huge
lumbering lumbering
wheelhouse wheelhouse
Jons Jons
widow widow
Lysa Lysa
Arryn Arryn
sends sends
coded coded
message message
sister sister
Eddards Eddards
wife wife
Catelyn Catelyn
alleging alleging
Lannisters Lannisters
murdered murdered
Jon Jon
Robert Robert
castle castle
go go
hunting hunting
trip trip
Cersei Cersei
remains remains
behind behind
brother brother
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
two two
seen seen
sex sex
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Winterfells Winterfells
First First
Keep Keep
Cersei Cersei
insists insists
must must
something something
prevent prevent
boy boy
telling telling
anyone anyone
Jaime Jaime
pushes push
tower tower
window window
later later
berates berates
Jaime Jaime
impulsiveness impulsiveness
arguing arguing
attempting attempting
kill kill
boy boy
foolish foolish
could could
simply simply
intimidated intimidated
silence silence
royal royal
procession procession
travels travel
back back
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Cerseis Cerseis
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
bullies bully
common common
boy boy
Mycah Mycah
prompting prompting
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
direwolf direwolf
Nymeria Nymeria
attack attack
disarm disarm
Joffrey Joffrey
tells tell
parents parent
Arya Arya
wolf wolf
attacked attacked
without without
provocation provocation
Cersei Cersei
takes take
sons son
side side
arguing arguing
girl girl
lose lose
hand hand
accordance accordance
ancient ancient
penalty penalty
striking striking
prince prince
royal royal
blood blood
Robert Robert
refuses refuse
proclaims proclaims
desire desire
regarding regarding
maiming maiming
killing killing
Arya Arya
Jaime Jaime
using using
sex sex
bribe bribe
Jaime Jaime
searches search
girl girl
would would
later later
imply imply
would would
willing willing
sisters sister
bidding bidding
Instead Instead
Arya Arya
found found
House House
Stark Stark
guards guard
Robert Robert
resists resists
Cerseis Cerseis
call call
severely severely
punishing punishing
Arya Arya
queen queen
successfully successfully
pressures pressure
ordering ordering
execution execution
another another
direwolf direwolf
Lady Lady
proxy proxy
Darry Darry
appointed appointed
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Jon Jon
Arryns Arryns
replacement replacement
Robert Robert
orders order
Hands Hands
tourney tourney
held held
honor honor
Eddard Eddard
Cersei Cersei
forbids forbids
Robert Robert
fighting fighting
melee melee
inciting inciting
public public
argument argument
king king
queen queen
Robert Robert
intends intends
fight fight
anyway anyway
Eddard Eddard
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
succeed succeed
dissuading dissuading
Later Later
Varys Varys
claims claim
Cersei Cersei
known known
publicly publicly
forbidding forbidding
Robert Robert
participating participating
melee melee
effective effective
way way
convincing convincing
planning planning
accidentally accidentally
killed killed
melee melee
also also
suggests suggests
Ser Ser
Hugh Hugh
Vale Vale
killed killed
Ser Ser
Gregor Gregor
Clegane Clegane
earlier earlier
tournament tournament
could could
poisoned poisoned
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Lannisters Lannisters
instigation instigation
arrange arrange
death death
order order
ensure ensure
silence silence
afterward afterward
Cerseis Cerseis
brother brother
Tyrion Tyrion
abducted abducted
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
Cersei Cersei
argues argues
Robert Robert
insulting insulting
manhood manhood
failure failure
immediately immediately
avenge avenge
insult insult
family family
king king
strikes strike
response response
Cersei Cersei
tells tell
intends intends
wear wear
bruise bruise
badge badge
honor honor
Eddard Eddard
approve approve
Robert Robert
admits admits
kingly kingly
blames blame
Cersei Cersei
provoking provoking
Eddard Eddard
investigating investigating
Jon Jon
Arryns Arryns
death death
discovers discovers
truth truth
royal royal
childrens childrens
parentage parentage
king king
hunting hunting
kingswood kingswood
Eddard Eddard
confronts confronts
Cersei Cersei
admits admits
accusation accusation
true true
attempts attempt
seduce seduce
godswood godswood
Red Red
Keep Keep
Ned Ned
refuses refuse
wanting wanting
see see
children child
harmed harmed
Eddard Eddard
warns warns
intends intends
tell tell
Robert Robert
truth truth
urges urge
flee flee
princes prince
princess princess
Eddard Eddard
plans plan
daughters daughter
Sansa Sansa
Arya Arya
sail sail
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Wind Wind
Witch Witch
Sansa Sansa
understanding understanding
danger danger
desiring desiring
marry marry
Joffrey Joffrey
informs informs
Cersei Cersei
fathers father
plan plan
drunken drunken
Robert Robert
fatally fatally
injured injured
boar boar
hunt hunt
given given
strongwine strongwine
squire squire
Lancel Lancel
Lannister Lannister
deathbed deathbed
Robert Robert
names name
Eddard Eddard
regent regent
thirteenyearold thirteenyearold
heir heir
Joffrey Joffrey
comes come
age age
though though
Eddard Eddard
secretly secretly
changes change
“ “
my my
son son
Joffrey Joffrey
” ”
“ “
my my
heir heir
” ”
morning morning
Roberts Roberts
death death
Cersei Cersei
seizes seizes
power power
denouncing denouncing
Eddard Eddard
traitor traitor
conspired conspired
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Eddard Eddard
imprisoned imprisoned
named named
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
heading heading
Joffreys Joffreys
small small
council council
Cersei Cersei
intends intends
Eddard Eddard
convicted convicted
treason treason
allowed allowed
take take
black black
thus thus
discrediting discrediting
removing removing
factor factor
political political
arena arena
without without
antagonizing antagonizing
north north
arranges arranges
public public
confession confession
steps step
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
assuring assuring
High High
Septon Septon
offered offered
forgiveness forgiveness
holy holy
ground ground
profaned profaned
blood blood
However However
Joffrey Joffrey
ignores ignores
advice advice
instead instead
orders order
Lord Lord
Starks Starks
immediate immediate
execution execution
Janos Janos
Slynt Slynt
Ser Ser
Ilyn Ilyn
Payne Payne
carry carry
kings king
imprudent imprudent
command command
Cersei Cersei
intervene intervene
deeply deeply
offending offending
Faith Faith
rendering rendering
peace peace
Stark Stark
Lannister Lannister
impossible impossible
Cersei Cersei
weeps weeps
hears hears
Jaime Jaime
captured captured
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Whispering Whispering
Wood Wood
keeps keep
news news
Renly Renly
Baratheons Baratheons
coronation coronation
Joffrey Joffrey
time time
fearing fearing
might might
take take
field field
head head
force force
gold gold
cloaks cloak
commands command
father father
come come
defense defense
capital capital
Renly Renly
Tyrells Tyrells
Tywin Tywin
instead instead
marches march
Harrenhal Harrenhal
sends sends
Tyrion Tyrion
capital capital
stead stead
escaped escaped
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
adds add
Cerseis Cerseis
name name
list list
desires desire
dead dead
Tyrion Tyrion
arrives arrives
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
bearing bearing
letter letter
father father
Cersei Cersei
threatens threatens
thrown thrown
dungeon dungeon
placates placates
saying saying
could could
rescue rescue
Jaime Jaime
Hand Hand
Tyrion Tyrion
struggles struggle
wrest wrest
control control
finally finally
resorting resorting
poison poison
incapacitate incapacitate
days day
Jaimes Jaimes
absence absence
Cersei Cersei
begins begin
sleeping sleeping
cousin cousin
knighted knighted
Lancel Lancel
discerned discerned
Tyrion Tyrion
also also
reveals reveals
Tyrion Tyrion
given given
Lancel Lancel
fortified fortified
wine wine
Roberts Roberts
hunt hunt
stronger stronger
Robert Robert
usually usually
drank drank
Tyrion Tyrion
sends sends
away away
Vylarr Vylarr
Cerseis Cerseis
personal personal
guard guard
employs employ
three three
sellswords sellswords
replace replace
Osney Osney
Osmund Osmund
Osfryd Osfryd
Kettleblack Kettleblack
Tyrion Tyrion
finds find
buys buy
loyalty loyalty
Tyrion Tyrion
deceives deceives
small small
council council
members member
determines determines
Pycelle Pycelle
Cerseis Cerseis
agent agent
Tyrion Tyrion
arrests arrest
Pycelle Pycelle
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
tells tell
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
recovering recovering
poisoning poisoning
sent sent
Jons Jons
maester maester
away away
order order
prevent prevent
Jons Jons
recovery recovery
assuming assuming
Cersei Cersei
wanted wanted
Jon Jon
dead dead
Tyrion Tyrion
gets get
Cersei Cersei
agree agree
sending sending
Myrcella Myrcella
Dorne Dorne
win win
House House
Martell Martell
day day
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
takes take
ship ship
Sunspear Sunspear
Cersei Cersei
among among
caught caught
riot riot
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
provoked provoked
part part
thoughtless thoughtless
comment comment
makes make
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
dead dead
baby baby
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
moves move
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Cersei Cersei
sends sends
Tommen Tommen
Rosby Rosby
safety safety
Tyrions Tyrions
men men
intercept intercept
party party
take take
boy boy
Tyrions Tyrions
custody custody
Fed Fed
Tyrions Tyrions
efforts effort
rule rule
Cersei Cersei
arrests arrest
Alayaya Alayaya
whore whore
believes belief
Tyrion Tyrion
sleeping sleeping
girl girl
beaten beaten
uses us
Alayaya Alayaya
hostage hostage
ensure ensure
Tommens Tommens
safe safe
return return
Tyrion Tyrion
however however
promises promise
whatever whatever
happens happens
Alayaya Alayaya
happens happens
Tommen Tommen
well well
rapings rapings
beatings beating
included included
frightening frightening
Cersei Cersei
Cersei Cersei
removes remove
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
Kingsguard Kingsguard
failure failure
resist resist
Tyrions Tyrions
men men
replaces replaces
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
man man
hollow hollow
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
begins begin
Cersei Cersei
hosts host
banquet banquet
noblewomen noblewoman
Red Red
Keep Keep
claims claim
effort effort
keep keep
minds mind
fighting fighting
invited invited
Ser Ser
Ilyn Ilyn
Payne Payne
Kings Kings
Justice Justice
hand hand
kill kill
city city
taken taken
prevent prevent
becoming becoming
hostages hostage
hears hears
River River
Gate Gate
attack attack
summons summons
Joffrey Joffrey
back back
Red Red
Keep Keep
Seeing Seeing
king king
flee flee
back back
castle castle
damages damage
morale morale
causes cause
men men
rout rout
nearly nearly
costing costing
city city
outrages outrage
Lancel Lancel
feels feel
could could
held held
gates gate
Cersei Cersei
recalled recalled
king king
timely timely
arrival arrival
attack attack
Stanniss Stanniss
flank flank
army army
Lords Lords
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
battle battle
would would
lost lost
Lannisters Lannisters
Tyrion Tyrion
lies lie
wounded wounded
unconscious unconscious
Cersei Cersei
able able
lie lie
Tywin Tywin
turn turn
fathers father
prejudice prejudice
Tyrion Tyrion
advantage advantage
stripping stripping
Tyrions Tyrions
power power
time time
convalescence convalescence
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
believes belief
Cersei Cersei
blame blame
Ser Ser
Mandon Mandon
Moores Moores
assassination assassination
attempt attempt
Blackwater Blackwater
Cersei Cersei
plans plan
upcoming upcoming
wedding wedding
son son
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
Tywin Tywin
bends bend
Cersei Cersei
makes make
clear clear
daughter daughter
longer longer
wanted wanted
small small
council council
wishes wish
plans plan
marry marry
considering considering
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
whose whose
elderly elderly
wife wife
Alannys Alannys
failing failing
health health
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
Horas Horas
Hobber Hobber
Redwyne Redwyne
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
Willas Willas
Tyrell Tyrell
potential potential
matches match
Lord Lord
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
initially initially
receptive receptive
Cersei Cersei
marrying marrying
Willas Willas
offer offer
rejected rejected
Mace Mace
speaks speaks
mother mother
Olenna Olenna
Queen Queen
Thorns Thorns
Cersei Cersei
intends intends
keep keep
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
hostage hostage
Tywin Tywin
forces force
girl girl
marry marry
Tyrion Tyrion
wedding wedding
feast feast
Cersei Cersei
dances dance
Paxter Paxter
Redwyne Redwyne
Mathis Mathis
Rowan Rowan
father father
also also
flirts flirt
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Joffrey Joffrey
offends offends
Tywin Tywin
ungracious ungracious
behavior behavior
Tywin Tywin
furious furious
asks asks
boy boy
could could
learnt learnt
amoral amoral
sentiments sentiment
Cersei Cersei
blames blame
Robert Robert
clear clear
room room
including including
Tywins Tywins
brother brother
Kevan Kevan
Cersei Cersei
responsible responsible
Joffrey Joffrey
killed killed
wedding wedding
feast feast
Cersei Cersei
accuses accuses
Tyrion Tyrion
Sansa Sansa
falsely falsely
believing believing
responsible responsible
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
returns return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
assistance assistance
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
Lannister Lannister
twins twin
sex sex
sept sept
Joffreys Joffreys
body body
rests rest
Cersei Cersei
rejects reject
Jaimes Jaimes
suggestion suggestion
announcing announcing
incest incest
like like
Targaryens Targaryens
done done
escaped escaped
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
aid aid
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
Sansa Sansa
learns learns
Kettleblacks Kettleblacks
actually actually
loyal loyal
Petyr Petyr
Cersei Cersei
Tyrion Tyrion
Cersei Cersei
finds find
numerous numerous
witnesses witness
testify testify
Tyrion Tyrion
including including
lover lover
Shae Shae
Cersei Cersei
names name
Ser Ser
Gregor Gregor
Clegane Clegane
champion champion
trial trial
combat combat
leads lead
Prince Prince
Oberyn Oberyn
whose whose
sister sister
Elia Elia
murdered murdered
Gregor Gregor
dozen dozen
years year
ago ago
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
champion champion
Tyrion Tyrion
Oberyn Oberyn
killed killed
Gregor Gregor
severely severely
wounded wounded
duel duel
Oberyns Oberyns
death death
condemns condemns
Tyrion Tyrion
freed freed
cell cell
Jaime Jaime
Varys Varys
Tyrion Tyrion
tells tell
Jaime Jaime
Cersei Cersei
sleeping sleeping
Lancel Lancel
Lannister Lannister
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
escaping escaping
Red Red
Keep Keep
Tyrion Tyrion
kills kill
Shae Shae
father father
Tywin Tywin
Eyrie Eyrie
Lysa Lysa
Arryn Arryn
reveals reveals
Sansas Sansas
presence presence
killed killed
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
informed informed
sister sister
Catelyn Catelyn
Lannisters Lannisters
blame blame
Cerseis Cerseis
tendencies tendency
paranoia paranoia
rash rash
judgement judgement
hysteria hysteria
increase increase
following following
deaths death
son son
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
father father
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
resumes resume
position position
regent regent
surviving surviving
son son
eightyearold eightyearold
King King
Tommen Tommen
obedient obedient
eldest eldest
child child
Tywin Tywin
also also
acknowledged acknowledged
Lady Lady
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
uncle uncle
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Cersei Cersei
Ser Ser
Osney Osney
Ser Ser
Osfryd Osfryd
Kettleblack Kettleblack
hide hide
Shaes Shaes
corpse corpse
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
Ser Ser
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
murder murder
two two
guards guard
outside outside
Tywins Tywins
chambers chamber
also also
Osney Osney
murder murder
High High
Septon Septon
Since Since
Tyrion Tyrion
vanished vanished
Cersei Cersei
burns burn
wildfire wildfire
Tower Tower
Hand Hand
site site
Tywins Tywins
death death
twin twin
Jaime Jaime
considers considers
folly folly
Word Word
spreads spread
throughout throughout
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Free Free
Cities Cities
Cersei Cersei
promised promised
lordship lordship
whomever whomever
brings brings
Tyrions Tyrions
head head
innocents innocent
killed killed
instead instead
Cerseis Cerseis
paranoia paranoia
alienates alienates
Jaime Jaime
departs departs
secure secure
riverlands riverlands
resolve resolve
siege siege
Riverrun Riverrun
Cersei Cersei
surrounds surround
sycophants sycophant
rather rather
honest honest
competent competent
advisers adviser
fills fill
Tommens Tommens
small small
council council
supporters supporter
agents agent
disregarding disregarding
previous previous
arrangements arrangement
made made
Tywin Tywin
wellmeant wellmeant
blunt blunt
advice advice
Kevan Kevan
becomes becomes
restless restless
sleeper sleeper
troubled troubled
nightmares nightmare
Tyrion Tyrion
murdered murdered
Tywin Tywin
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
consuming consuming
Cersei Cersei
also also
recalls recall
prophecy prophecy
valonqar valonqar
considers considers
Tyrion Tyrion
Numerous Numerous
people people
including including
several several
family family
members member
consider consider
ineffectual ineffectual
leader leader
Cerseis Cerseis
growing growing
dependency dependency
alcohol alcohol
increases increase
weight weight
blames blame
washerwomen washerwoman
shrinking shrinking
gowns gown
Cersei Cersei
suspects suspect
powerful powerful
Tyrell Tyrell
allies ally
relatives relative
Tommens Tommens
marriage marriage
Margaery Margaery
trying trying
seize seize
control control
kingdom kingdom
suspicion suspicion
grows grows
Gardener Gardener
coin coin
found found
Qyburn Qyburn
dungeon dungeon
Tyrion Tyrion
held held
escape escape
– –
coin coin
similar similar
ones one
Lady Lady
Olenna Olenna
Tyrell Tyrell
carries carry
traveling traveling
causing causing
Cersei Cersei
wrongfully wrongfully
suspect suspect
Tyrell Tyrell
involvement involvement
Tyrions Tyrions
escape escape
Cersei Cersei
commences commences
campaign campaign
intrigue intrigue
remove remove
Tyrells Tyrells
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
positions position
influence influence
authority authority
including including
Margaery Margaery
brother brother
Loras Loras
knight knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Cersei Cersei
refuses refuse
honor honor
debts debt
owed owed
crown crown
angering angering
powerful powerful
institutions institution
Iron Iron
Bank Bank
Braavos Braavos
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
results result
Faith Faith
refusing refusing
bless bless
King King
Tommen Tommen
Iron Iron
Bank Bank
calling calling
debts debt
throughout throughout
Westeros Westeros
refusing refusing
new new
loans loan
causes cause
economic economic
chaos chaos
throughout throughout
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
monies monies
owed owed
Cersei Cersei
constructs construct
new new
royal royal
fleet fleet
warships warship
gives give
command command
Aurane Aurane
Waters Waters
Bastard Bastard
Driftmark Driftmark
sellsail sellsail
questionable questionable
expertise expertise
loyalty loyalty
Two Two
dromonds dromonds
Lioness Lioness
Sweet Sweet
Cersei Cersei
named named
Queen Queen
Regents Regents
honor honor
attempt attempt
alleviate alleviate
crowns crown
debts debt
gain gain
Faiths Faiths
blessing blessing
gain gain
protection protection
purported purported
enemies enemy
Cersei Cersei
allows allows
new new
High High
Septon Septon
socalled socalled
High High
Sparrow Sparrow
revive revive
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
ignorant ignorant
history history
causing causing
trouble trouble
monarchs monarch
Cersei Cersei
sends sends
Ser Ser
Balon Balon
Swann Swann
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Dorne Dorne
deliver deliver
head head
Ser Ser
Gregor Gregor
Clegane Clegane
Cersei Cersei
takes take
disgraced disgraced
former former
maester maester
Qyburn Qyburn
service service
master master
whisperers whisperer
using using
torturer torturer
allowing allowing
conduct conduct
immoral immoral
experiments experiment
human human
subjects subject
befriends befriends
Taena Taena
Merryweather Merryweather
informs informs
Cersei Cersei
maid maid
Senelle Senelle
spying spying
Margaery Margaery
leads lead
Senelle Senelle
given given
Qyburn Qyburn
twisted twisted
experiments experiment
Taena Taena
becomes becomes
bedwarmer bedwarmer
confidante confidante
queen queen
reluctant reluctant
aid aid
Tyrells Tyrells
Euron Euron
Greyjoys Greyjoys
taking taking
Shields Shields
Cersei Cersei
instead instead
gives give
command command
siege siege
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Loras Loras
Redwyne Redwyne
fleet fleet
could could
return return
Reach Reach
island island
castle castle
falls fall
Aurane Aurane
Waters Waters
reports report
Loras Loras
gravely gravely
injured injured
assault assault
Cersei Cersei
manipulates manipulates
Falyse Falyse
Stokeworth Stokeworth
husband husband
Ser Ser
Balman Balman
Byrch Byrch
attacking attacking
Tyrions Tyrions
friend friend
sellsword sellsword
Bronn Bronn
knighted knighted
married married
simple simple
Lollys Lollys
Stokeworth Stokeworth
pry pry
away away
Tyrion Tyrion
Falyse Falyse
flees flees
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
report report
Bronn Bronn
killed killed
Balman Balman
duel duel
though though
Bronn Bronn
extracted extracted
confession confession
Cersei Cersei
behind behind
attempt attempt
kill kill
Cersei Cersei
responds responds
sending sending
Falyse Falyse
Qyburn Qyburn
nothing nothing
found found
machinations machination
queen queen
wears wear
new new
crown crown
pale pale
spun spun
gold gold
set set
sparkling sparkling
emeralds emerald
Cersei Cersei
plots plot
frame frame
Margaery Margaery
adultery adultery
treason treason
seduced seduced
Osney Osney
Kettleblack Kettleblack
falsely falsely
confess confess
High High
Sparrow Sparrow
intercourse intercourse
Margaery Margaery
two two
three three
cousins cousin
Megga Megga
Elinor Elinor
High High
Sparrow Sparrow
acts act
information information
Margaery Margaery
arrested arrested
visits visit
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
Cersei Cersei
feigns feigns
concern concern
publicly publicly
visits visit
Great Great
Sept Sept
order order
appear appear
population population
wishes wish
Margaery Margaery
released released
However However
High High
Sparrow Sparrow
arrests arrest
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
several several
crimes crime
including including
murder murder
previous previous
High High
Septon Septon
High High
Sparrow Sparrow
suspicious suspicious
Osneys Osneys
confession confession
tortured tortured
till till
Osney Osney
revealed revealed
truth truth
Cerseis Cerseis
ministers minister
seize seize
control control
government government
awaits awaits
trial trial
Great Great
Sept Sept
recall recall
uncle uncle
Kevan Kevan
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
fill fill
position position
regent regent
Aurane Aurane
absconds absconds
costly costly
new new
fleet fleet
Taena Taena
flees flees
Longtable Longtable
Accused Accused
capital capital
crimes crime
Cerseis Cerseis
hope hope
lies lie
Kingsguard Kingsguard
champion champion
stand stand
trial trial
combat combat
sends sends
emotional emotional
summons summons
Jaime Jaime
burns burn
Riverrun Riverrun
without without
reply reply
Ser Ser
Balon Balon
Swann Swann
arrives arrives
Sunspear Sunspear
letter letter
Cersei Cersei
asks asks
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
give give
leave leave
daughter daughter
Myrcella Myrcella
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
short short
visit visit
invite invite
Doran Doran
take take
Dornish Dornish
seat seat
small small
council council
left left
vacant vacant
death death
Prince Prince
Oberyn Oberyn
Doran Doran
learns learns
informers informer
royal royal
court court
however however
Balon Balon
invite invite
Prince Prince
Trystane Trystane
Martell Martell
accompany accompany
Myrcella Myrcella
killed killed
outlaws outlaw
kingswood kingswood
Tyrion Tyrion
supposed supposed
blamed blamed
Balon Balon
witness witness
Cersei Cersei
remains remains
prisoner prisoner
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
tower tower
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
care care
Septas Septas
Unella Unella
Moelle Moelle
Scolera Scolera
gain gain
access access
visitors visitor
Cersei Cersei
confesses confesses
High High
Sparrow Sparrow
relations relation
cousin cousin
Lancel Lancel
Lannister Lannister
three three
Kettleblack Kettleblack
brothers brother
knowing knowing
sins sin
would would
earn earn
execution execution
continues continues
deny deny
ordered ordered
Osney Osney
Kettleblack Kettleblack
kill kill
previous previous
High High
Septon Septon
involved involved
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheons Baratheons
death death
High High
Septon Septon
agrees agrees
allow allow
one one
visitor visitor
day day
Cersei Cersei
learns learns
uncle uncle
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Jaime Jaime
disappeared disappeared
riverlands riverlands
woman woman
possibly possibly
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
Kevan Kevan
also also
tells tell
niece niece
Myrcellas Myrcellas
injury injury
Arys Arys
Oakhearts Oakhearts
death death
Greenblood Greenblood
leaves leaf
vacancy vacancy
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Cersei Cersei
sends sends
word word
Lord Lord
Qyburn Qyburn
time time
come come
trial trial
Faith Faith
requires requires
Cersei Cersei
submit submit
walk walk
atonement atonement
Great Great
Sept Sept
Red Red
Keep Keep
Cersei Cersei
shaved shaved
hair hair
entire entire
body body
stripped stripped
naked naked
escort escort
Warriors Warriors
Sons Sons
Poor Poor
Fellows Fellows
septas septas
protect protect
leering leering
jeering jeering
crowds crowd
flocked flocked
see see
Septa Septa
Scolera Scolera
ringing ringing
bell bell
singing singing
word word
shame shame
Cersei Cersei
tries try
hang hang
pride pride
barefoot barefoot
walk walk
spite spite
crowds crowd
projecting projecting
filth filth
bawdy bawdy
insults insult
Faces Faces
crowd crowd
remind remind
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Melara Melara
Hetherspoon Hetherspoon
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
eventually eventually
breaks break
tears tear
however however
finishing finishing
entering entering
Red Red
Keep Keep
Upon Upon
entrance entrance
Jocelyn Jocelyn
Swyft Swyft
body body
covered covered
Cersei Cersei
carried carried
castle castle
giant giant
knight knight
Qyburn Qyburn
introduces introduces
newest newest
member member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
champion champion
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Strong Strong
Cersei Cersei
dines dines
Tommens Tommens
regent regent
uncle uncle
Kevan Kevan
trying trying
repair repair
damage damage
Cersei Cersei
done done
requests request
Lady Lady
Taena Taena
Merryweather Merryweather
attend attend
innocence innocence
proved proved
Although Although
Kevan Kevan
news news
Jaime Jaime
Cersei Cersei
seems seems
certain certain
safety safety
believing believing
would would
know know
dead dead
Later Later
evening evening
Varys Varys
Kevan Kevan
Pycelle Pycelle
murdered murdered
keep keep
realm realm
chaos chaos
play play
game game
thrones throne
win win
die die
middle middle
groundJaime groundJaime
brother brother
sister sister
one one
person person
two two
bodies body
shared shared
womb womb
together together
came came
world world
holding holding
foot foot
old old
maester maester
said said
feel feel
wholeA wholeA
true true
man man
mustA mustA
womans woman
life life
nine nine
parts part
mess mess
one one
part part
magic magic
youll youll
learn learn
soon soon
enough enough
parts part
look look
like like
magic magic
often often
turn turn
messiest messiest
allLove allLove
poison poison
sweet sweet
poison poison
yes yes
kill kill
sameThe sameThe
way way
keep keep
people people
loyal loyal
make make
certain certain
fear fear
enemyI enemyI
waited waited
waited waited
half half
life life
played played
dutiful dutiful
daughter daughter
blushing blushing
bride bride
pliant pliant
wife wife
suffered suffered
Roberts Roberts
drunken drunken
groping groping
Jaimes Jaimes
jealousy jealousy
Renlys Renlys
mockery mockery
Varys Varys
titters titter
Stannis Stannis
endlessly endlessly
grinding grinding
teeth teeth
contended contended
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Ned Ned
Stark Stark
vile vile
treacherous treacherous
murderous murderous
dwarf dwarf
brother brother
promising promising
one one
day day
would would
turn turn
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
thinks think
cheat cheat
hour hour
sun sun
bloody bloody
well well
think think
againCome againCome
Help Help
Save Save
need need
never never
needed needed
love love
love love
love love
Come Come
onceI onceI
lioness lioness
cringe cringe
themI themI
sinned sinned
must must
atone atone
must must
parade parade
shame shame
eyes eye
every every
beggar beggar
city city
think think
break break
pride pride
make make
end end
wrongShe wrongShe
beautiful beautiful
men men
said said
jeweled jeweled
tiara tiara
gleamed gleamed
amidst amidst
long long
golden golden
hair hair
emeralds emerald
perfect perfect
match match
green green
eyesAnd eyesAnd
Cersei Cersei
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
thank thank
wish wish
marry marry
Lyanna Lyanna
taken taken
Jon Jon
said said
realm realm
needed needed
heir heir
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
would would
good good
match match
told told
would would
bind bind
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
ever ever
try try
win win
back back
fathers father
throne throne
loved loved
old old
man man
swear swear
think think
bigger bigger
fool fool
Moon Moon
Boy Boy
Oh Oh
Cersei Cersei
lovely lovely
look look
truly truly
cold cold
way way
guards guard
cunt cunt
you you
’ ’
d d
think think
gold gold
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
legsThe legsThe
longer longer
Cersei Cersei
waits wait
angrier angrier
shell shell
become become
anger anger
makes make
stupid stupid
much much
prefer prefer
angry angry
stupid stupid
composed composed
cunningI cunningI
never never
liked liked
Cersei Cersei
sister sister
never never
harm harm
Youve Youve
ended ended
hurt hurt
dont dont
know know
yet yet
give give
time time
day day
come come
think think
safe safe
happy happy
suddenly suddenly
joy joy
turn turn
ashes ash
mouth mouth
youll youll
know know
debt debt
paidThey paidThey
knights knight
three three
sister sister
promised promised
advancement advancement
eldest eldest
Ser Ser
Osmund Osmund
Kingsguard Kingsguard
dreams dream
certain certain
favors favor
well well
match match
queen queen
coin coin
coin coin
doubt doubt
second second
purse purse
quite quite
inexhaustibleEvery inexhaustibleEvery
mans man
piece piece
start start
every every
maid maid
well well
Even Even
think think
players player
Cersei Cersei
one one
thinks think
sly sly
truth truth
utterly utterly
predictable predictable
strength strength
rests rest
beauty beauty
birth birth
riches rich
first first
truly truly
soon soon
desert desert
pity pity
wants want
power power
notion notion
gets get
itCersei itCersei
lying lying
whore whore
shes shes
fucking fucking
Lancel Lancel
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
probably probably
Moon Moon
Boy Boy
knowHis knowHis
sister sister
liked liked
think think
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
teats teat
wrong wrong
father father
relentless relentless
implacable implacable
glacier glacier
Cersei Cersei
wildfire wildfire
especially especially
thwarted thwarted
giddy giddy
maiden maiden
learned learned
Stannis Stannis
abandoned abandoned
Dragonstone Dragonstone
certain certain
finally finally
given given
fight fight
sailed sailed
away away
exile exile
word word
came came
north north
turned turned
Wall Wall
fury fury
fearful fearful
behold behold
lack lack
wits wit
judgment judgment
patienceCersei patienceCersei
gentle gentle
King King
Maegor Maegor
selfless selfless
Aegon Aegon
Unworthy Unworthy
wise wise
Mad Mad
Aerys Aerys
never never
forgets forgets
slight slight
real real
imagined imagined
takes take
caution caution
cowardice cowardice
dissent dissent
defiance defiance
greedy greedy
Greedy Greedy
power power
honor honor
loveThis loveThis
head head
mine mine
worth worth
lordship lordship
back back
Westeros Westeros
half half
world world
away away
time time
get get
bone bone
maggots maggot
remain remain
sweet sweet
sister sister
deny deny
head head
mine mine
cheat cheat
promised promised
reward reward
know know
queens queen
Fickle Fickle
cunts cunt
lot lot
Cersei Cersei
worstCersei worstCersei
may may
inspired inspired
Isabella Isabella
France France
Margaret Margaret
Anjou Anjou
queens queen
English English
kings king
Known Known
ruled ruled
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
AC AC
Known Known
ruled ruled
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
AC AC
Known Known
ruled ruled
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
AC AC
Known Known
become become
Lord Lord
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
AC AC
AC AC
Year Year
Conquest Conquest
AC AC
year year
Westerosi Westerosi
calendar calendar
st st
Aegons Aegons
crowning crowning
Oldtown Oldtown
maesters maesters
educated educated
people people
use use
reference reference
date date
years year
year year
First First
Great Great
Council Council
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
summoned summoned
lords lord
realm realm
Harrenhal Harrenhal
decide decide
heir heir
Prince Prince
Baelons Baelons
death death
Prince Prince
Baelon Baelon
Targaryen Targaryen
also also
known known
Spring Spring
Prince Prince
season season
birth birth
Brave Brave
member member
House House
Targaryen Targaryen
fourth fourth
born born
child child
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
three three
sons son
Princes Princes
Viserys Viserys
Daemon Daemon
Aegon Aegon
Baelon Baelon
dragonrider dragonrider
whose whose
mount mount
Vhagar Vhagar
Baelon Baelon
born born
AC AC
two two
days day
start start
spring spring
announced announced
Citadel Citadel
dubbed dubbed
Spring Spring
Prince Prince
Baelon Baelon
named named
Baelon Baelon
Targaryen Targaryen
ruled ruled
Lord Lord
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Aegons Aegons
Conquest Conquest
year year
birth birth
Baelon Baelon
present present
tourney tourney
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
anniversary anniversary
Jaehaeryss Jaehaeryss
coronation coronation
Baelon Baelon
admired admired
older older
brother brother
Aemon Aemon
growing growing
soon soon
Baelon Baelon
could could
walk walk
began began
following following
Aemon Aemon
around around
everywhere everywhere
went went
Aemon Aemon
began began
training training
arms arm
wooden wooden
sword sword
Baelon Baelon
deemed deemed
young young
join join
Regardless Regardless
Baelon Baelon
brought brought
stick stick
yard yard
began began
whacking whacking
Aemon Aemon
Baelon Baelon
Aemon Aemon
would would
become become
close close
training training
together together
arms arm
every every
day day
spirited spirited
contests contest
drew drew
large large
crowds crowd
spectators spectator
first first
time time
Baelon Baelon
visited visited
Dragonpit Dragonpit
hit hit
Balerion Balerion
snout snout
causing causing
Ser Ser
Samgood Samgood
Kingsguard Kingsguard
remark remark
either either
brave brave
mad mad
Ever Ever
since since
Baelon Baelon
also also
known known
Baelon Baelon
Brave Brave
AC AC
Baelon Baelon
took took
part part
squires squire
melee melee
tourney tourney
held held
celebrate celebrate
Lord Lord
Darklyns Darklyns
wedding wedding
defeated defeated
Aemon Aemon
Baelon Baelon
spurs spur
following following
year year
age age
sixteen sixteen
taking taking
part part
tourney tourney
Old Old
Oak Oak
entering entering
lists list
mystery mystery
knight knight
called called
Silver Silver
Fool Fool
Baelon Baelon
unhorsed unhorsed
Lord Lord
Rowan Rowan
Ser Ser
Alyn Alyn
Ashford Ashford
Fossoway Fossoway
twins twin
Lord Lord
Oakhearts Oakhearts
heir heir
Ser Ser
Denys Denys
falling falling
Ser Ser
Rickard Rickard
Redwyne Redwyne
Ser Ser
Rickard Rickard
helped helped
feet foot
unmasked unmasked
knighted knighted
spot spot
Prince Prince
Baelon Baelon
remained remained
Old Old
Oak Oak
feast feast
Afterwards Afterwards
returned returned
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
became became
dragonrider dragonrider
claiming claiming
dragon dragon
Vhagar Vhagar
year year
request request
father father
Baelon Baelon
began began
training training
younger younger
brother brother
Vaegon Vaegon
continued continued
train train
year year
Vaegon Vaegon
skill skill
interest interest
training training
Baelon Baelon
made made
Vaegon Vaegon
fight fight
sister sister
Alyssa Alyssa
resulting resulting
Vaegon Vaegon
leaving leaving
yard yard
humiliated humiliated
trainings training
end end
Baelon Baelon
always always
close close
sister sister
Alyssa Alyssa
married married
AC AC
sounds sound
came came
bedchamber bedchamber
bedding bedding
great great
amusement amusement
wedding wedding
guests guest
first first
child child
son son
named named
Viserys Viserys
honor honor
fathers father
brother brother
born born
AC AC
second second
son son
Daemon Daemon
born born
AC AC
AC AC
Baelon Baelon
together together
brother brother
Aemon Aemon
father father
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
ended ended
attempted attempted
invasion invasion
stormlands stormlands
Prince Prince
Morion Morion
Martell Martell
Dorne Dorne
Mounted Mounted
atop atop
dragons dragon
destroyed destroyed
Dornish Dornish
fleet fleet
could could
even even
make make
landfall landfall
Upon Upon
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Aemon Aemon
Baelon Baelon
received received
riotous riotous
welcome welcome
war war
without without
losing losing
single single
man man
something something
even even
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
able able
boast boast
Alyssa Alyssa
became became
pregnant pregnant
third third
time time
Baelon Baelon
told told
brother brother
Aemon Aemon
praying praying
daughter daughter
AC AC
Alyssa Alyssa
gave gave
birth birth
son son
Aegon Aegon
difficult difficult
labor labor
Alyssa Alyssa
recover recover
Aegons Aegons
birth birth
however however
died died
within within
six six
months month
Aegon Aegon
died died
half half
year year
later later
shy shy
first first
nameday nameday
death death
devastated devastated
Baelon Baelon
always always
continued continued
honor honor
memory memory
years year
Alyssas Alyssas
death death
Baelons Baelons
young young
ambitious ambitious
sister sister
Viserra Viserra
tried tried
seduce seduce
hoping hoping
end end
betrothal betrothal
Lord Lord
Theomore Theomore
Manderly Manderly
sneaked sneaked
bedchamber bedchamber
waited waited
naked naked
bed bed
arrive arrive
Baelon Baelon
found found
unresponsive unresponsive
advances advance
instead instead
sent sent
away away
AC AC
Prince Prince
Aemon Aemon
slain slain
Tarth Tarth
one one
Myrish Myrish
exiles exile
occupied occupied
eastern eastern
part part
isle isle
Baelon Baelon
flew flew
Vhagar Vhagar
Tarth Tarth
avenge avenge
brother brother
fought fought
exiles exile
Dark Dark
Sister Sister
cheered cheered
crowds crowd
returned returned
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Baelon Baelon
named named
Prince Prince
Dragonstone Dragonstone
heir heir
throne throne
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Aemons Aemons
death death
ahead ahead
Aemons Aemons
daughter daughter
heir heir
Princess Princess
Rhaenys Rhaenys
AC AC
Baelon Baelon
named named
Hand Hand
King King
replacing replacing
Ser Ser
Ryam Ryam
Redwyne Redwyne
Kingsguard Kingsguard
AC AC
Baelon Baelon
complained complained
stitch stitch
side side
hunting hunting
trip trip
pain pain
worsened worsened
returned returned
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
eventually eventually
became became
bedridden bedridden
Tower Tower
Hand Hand
five five
days day
illness illness
Baelon Baelon
died died
burst burst
belly belly
funeral funeral
pyre pyre
personally personally
lit lit
father father
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Baelon Baelon
married married
younger younger
sister sister
Alyssa Alyssa
three three
sons son
Viserys Viserys
Daemon Daemon
Aegon Aegon
Alyssa Alyssa
died died
year year
Aegon Aegon
born born
following following
difficult difficult
labor labor
Aegon Aegon
died died
following following
year year
shy shy
first first
nameday nameday
slew slew
thousand thousand
bring bring
backThey backThey
call call
Baelon Baelon
Brave Brave
far far
braver braver
would would
sooner sooner
fight fight
dozen dozen
battles battle
youve youve
doneWherever doneWherever
Prince Prince
Aemon Aemon
went went
whatever whatever
Prince Prince
Aemon Aemon
Prince Prince
Baelon Baelon
would would
far far
behindHes behindHes
either either
brave brave
mad mad
oneYou oneYou
great great
king king
even even
greater greater
father father
City City
Watch Watch
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
also also
known known
gold gold
cloaks cloak
defenders defender
city city
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
including including
Red Red
Keep Keep
enforcers enforcer
law law
sworn sworn
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Watch Watch
presumably presumably
falls fall
bailiwick bailiwick
master master
lawsN lawsN
well well
trained trained
City City
Watch Watch
Lannisport Lannisport
three three
sets set
barracks barrack
City City
Watch Watch
East East
Barracks Barracks
Dragon Dragon
Gate Gate
West West
Barracks Barracks
near near
Cobblers Cobblers
Square Square
Gate Gate
Gods Gods
one one
beneath beneath
Tower Tower
Hand Hand
Red Red
Keep Keep
City City
Watch Watch
wear wear
cloaks cloak
usually usually
made made
heavy heavy
wool wool
dyed dyed
gold gold
equipped equipped
mail mail
armor armor
iron iron
cudgels cudgel
iron iron
spears spear
dirks dirk
occasionally occasionally
longswords longswords
armor armor
boots boot
gloves glove
black black
officers officer
captains captain
gates gate
city city
wear wear
black black
breastplates breastplate
ornamented ornamented
four four
golden golden
disks disk
used used
guards guard
foot foot
soldiers soldier
cases case
mounted mounted
lancers lancer
Nonetheless Nonetheless
watchmen watchman
true true
soldiers soldier
City City
Watch Watch
established established
Targaryen Targaryen
dynasty dynasty
early early
reign reign
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
Maegors Maegors
death death
Prince Prince
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
arrested arrested
Commander Commander
City City
Watch Watch
Command Command
City City
Watch Watch
later later
given given
Lord Lord
Qarl Qarl
Corbray Corbray
command command
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
City City
Watch Watch
combed combed
Flea Flea
Bottom Bottom
search search
Tom Tom
Strummer Strummer
make make
court court
singer singer
Lord Lord
Qarl Qarl
later later
succumbed succumbed
Shivers Shivers
AC AC
many many
City City
Watch Watch
stricken stricken
well well
leading leading
streets street
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
falling falling
anarchy anarchy
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
commanded commanded
watch watch
– –
AC AC
instituted instituted
uniform uniform
use use
equipment equipment
including including
golden golden
cloaks cloak
get get
name name
weapons weapon
issued issued
dirk dirk
short short
sword sword
cudgel cudgel
two two
thousand thousand
gold gold
cloaks cloak
time time
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
officers officer
City City
Watch Watch
loyal loyal
Queen Queen
Alicent Alicent
Hightower Hightower
greens green
rankandfile rankandfile
gold gold
cloaks cloak
supported supported
former former
commander commander
Daemon Daemon
leader leader
blacks black
Ser Ser
Luthor Luthor
Largent Largent
appointed appointed
commander commander
start start
war war
Ser Ser
Otto Otto
Hightower Hightower
Hand Hand
King King
named named
son son
Gwayne Gwayne
Luthors Luthors
second second
fall fall
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Luthor Luthor
led led
coup coup
support support
blacks black
personally personally
killed killed
Gwayne Gwayne
Hightower Hightower
Luthor Luthor
killed killed
riots riot
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Ser Ser
Balon Balon
Byrch Byrch
became became
new new
commander commander
Mudfoot Mudfoot
garrison garrison
stationed stationed
River River
Gate Gate
Mud Mud
Gate Gate
joined joined
hedge hedge
knight knight
wouldbe wouldbe
kingmaker kingmaker
Perkin Perkin
Flea Flea
declared declared
allegiance allegiance
Trystane Trystane
Truefyre Truefyre
flew flew
banner banner
River River
Gate Gate
garrison garrison
stationed stationed
Gate Gate
Gods Gods
overwhelmed overwhelmed
Perkins Perkins
men men
Twenty Twenty
gold gold
cloaks cloak
accompanied accompanied
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
fled fled
capital capital
half half
deserted deserted
Rosby Rosby
road road
remainder remainder
stayed stayed
Duskendale Duskendale
sailed sailed
Dragonstone Dragonstone
Perkin Perkin
became became
commander commander
City City
Watch Watch
pardon pardon
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Many Many
gold gold
cloaks cloak
died died
Winter Winter
Fever Fever
Moon Moon
Madness Madness
Lord Lord
Unwin Unwin
Peake Peake
added added
five five
hundred hundred
men men
City City
Watch Watch
Lysene Lysene
Spring Spring
George George
Graceford Graceford
admitted admitted
Ser Ser
Lucas Lucas
Leygood Leygood
gold gold
cloaks cloak
commander commander
six six
seven seven
gate gate
captains captain
conspired conspired
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
Targaryens Targaryens
overthrown overthrown
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
new new
king king
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
continued continued
institution institution
gold gold
cloaks cloak
Janos Janos
Slynt Slynt
became became
commander commander
death death
Manly Manly
Stokeworth Stokeworth
rule rule
commander commander
gold gold
cloaks cloak
Janos Janos
known known
taking taking
bribes bribe
selling selling
positions position
promotions promotion
end end
tenure tenure
half half
officers officer
paying paying
part part
salaries salary
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
Hand Hand
King King
discovered discovered
two two
men men
willing willing
come come
forward forward
testify testify
Janos Janos
found found
dead dead
short short
time time
later later
Robert Robert
recognized recognized
Janoss Janoss
corruption corruption
allowed allowed
remain remain
position position
arguing arguing
successor successor
might might
worse worse
kings king
brother brother
Lord Lord
Stannis Stannis
felt felt
Lord Lord
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
convinced convinced
Robert Robert
retain retain
Janos Janos
Hands Hands
tourney tourney
gold gold
cloaks cloak
hardpressed hardpressed
keep keep
kings king
peace peace
Hand Hand
King King
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
commands command
Lord Lord
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
find find
funds fund
hire hire
watchmen watchman
lends lends
twenty twenty
Winterfell Winterfell
guardsmen guardsman
help help
tourneys tourney
duration duration
Roberts Roberts
death death
Petyr Petyr
tells tell
Eddard Eddard
make make
certain certain
gold gold
cloaks cloak
loyal loyal
power power
struggle struggle
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
bribe bribe
six six
thousand thousand
gold gold
coins coin
truth truth
Petyr Petyr
bribes bribe
Janos Janos
support support
queen queen
ultimately ultimately
successful successful
Janos Janos
one one
hundred hundred
gold gold
cloaks cloak
accompany accompany
Eddard Eddard
throne throne
room room
betray betray
killing killing
Winterfell Winterfell
men men
Janos Janos
rewarded rewarded
named named
Lord Lord
Harrenhal Harrenhal
dismissed dismissed
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
kills kill
gold gold
cloaks cloak
Janos Janos
sends sends
arrest arrest
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
considers considers
leading leading
City City
Watch Watch
field field
uncle uncle
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
Five Five
gold gold
cloaks cloak
come come
upon upon
Yorens Yorens
band band
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
recruits recruit
kingsroad kingsroad
intent intent
seizing seizing
Gendry Gendry
bastard bastard
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
driven driven
away away
Cerseis Cerseis
orders order
Janos Janos
sends sends
right right
hand hand
man man
Allar Allar
Deem Deem
murder murder
infant infant
Barra Barra
another another
royal royal
bastard bastard
Commander Commander
Slynt Slynt
exiled exiled
Wall Wall
acting acting
Hand Hand
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
corruption corruption
next next
potential potential
betrayal betrayal
Tyrion Tyrion
arranges arranges
Allar Allar
thrown thrown
overboard overboard
Janoss Janoss
replacement replacement
Ser Ser
Jacelyn Jacelyn
Bywater Bywater
honorable honorable
veteran veteran
Greyjoys Greyjoys
Rebellion Rebellion
helps help
Tyrion Tyrion
prepare prepare
citys city
defenses defense
face face
impending impending
invasion invasion
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Along Along
forty forty
knights knight
squires squire
including including
Hobber Hobber
Redwyne Redwyne
three three
hundred hundred
gold gold
cloaks cloak
escort escort
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
Bitterbridge Bitterbridge
mission mission
treat treat
Tyrells Tyrells
riot riot
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Ser Ser
Jacelyn Jacelyn
wedge wedge
mounted mounted
lancers lancer
charge charge
streets street
effort effort
defend defend
royal royal
party party
numerous numerous
others others
form form
lines line
spears spear
smallfolk smallfolk
total total
nine nine
gold gold
cloaks cloak
slain slain
forty forty
wounded wounded
Tyrion Tyrion
sends sends
Jacelyn Jacelyn
take take
Prince Prince
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
custody custody
Rosby Rosby
confronting confronting
sworn sworn
shield shield
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
without without
bloodshed bloodshed
seizing seizing
Rosby Rosby
hold hold
Towards Towards
end end
term term
Janos Janos
tripled tripled
number number
gold gold
cloaks cloak
making making
six six
thousand thousand
strong strong
Despite Despite
new new
watchmen watchman
poorly poorly
trained trained
many many
drunks drunk
brutes brute
cravens craven
joined joined
promise promise
bread bread
Also Also
Kingslanders Kingslanders
love love
House House
Lannister Lannister
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Tyrion Tyrion
believes belief
quarter quarter
fifteen fifteen
hundred hundred
reliable reliable
actual actual
soldiers soldier
Stannis Stannis
arrives arrives
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
begins begin
Watch Watch
constitutes constitutes
bulk bulk
defending defending
force force
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
withdraws withdraws
walls wall
men men
break break
Commander Commander
Bywater Bywater
attempts attempt
rally rally
killed killed
men men
cusp cusp
success success
figuring figuring
casualties casualty
desertions desertion
number number
men men
available available
fortyfour fortyfour
hundred hundred
Command Command
falls fall
Ser Ser
Addam Addam
Marbrand Marbrand
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
daring daring
cavalry cavalry
captain captain
Despite Despite
problems problem
paying paying
men men
Addam Addam
forbidden forbidden
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
dismissing dismissing
service service
deserted deserted
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
return return
barracks barrack
trying trying
take take
service service
Tywin Tywin
orders order
Addam Addam
break break
knees knee
honor honor
guard guard
consisting consisting
mostly mostly
gold gold
cloaks cloak
accompanies accompanies
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
welcomes welcome
Prince Prince
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Gold Gold
cloaks cloak
manage manage
crowd crowd
smallfolk smallfolk
wedding wedding
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
brought brought
trial trial
death death
Joffrey Joffrey
Tyrion Tyrion
escorted escorted
Addam Addam
six six
watchmen watchman
rather rather
Kingsguard Kingsguard
testified testified
hundred hundred
gold gold
cloaks cloak
stand stand
guard guard
throne throne
room room
Ser Ser
Addam Addam
relieved relieved
leave leave
troubling troubling
duties duty
join join
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
moppingup moppingup
campaign campaign
riverlands riverlands
place place
Cersei Cersei
appoints appoints
illiterate illiterate
hedge hedge
knight knight
Osfryd Osfryd
Kettleblack Kettleblack
later later
removed removed
small small
council council
Cerseis Cerseis
arrest arrest
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
place place
promote promote
Humfrey Humfrey
Waters Waters
lead lead
gold gold
cloaks cloak
new new
Hand Hand
King King
Lord Lord
Mace Mace
Tyrell Tyrell
adds add
hundred hundred
Highgarden Highgarden
men men
City City
Watch Watch
Daemon Daemon
gave gave
us u
cloaks cloak
theyre theyre
gold gold
matter matter
turn turn
themFor themFor
sake sake
love love
bear bear
Catelyn Catelyn
go go
Janos Janos
Slynt Slynt
hour hour
make make
certain certain
City City
Watch Watch
Six Six
thousand thousand
gold gold
pieces piece
third third
Commander Commander
third third
officers officer
third third
men men
might might
able able
buy buy
half half
much much
prefer prefer
take take
chancesIt chancesIt
takes take
gold gold
cloak cloak
make make
watchman watchman
Kingsguard Kingsguard
also also
known known
poetically poetically
White White
Swords Swords
white white
cloaks cloak
royal royal
bodyguards bodyguard
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Regarded Regarded
finest finest
knights knight
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
sworn sworn
protect protect
king king
royal royal
family family
lives life
obey obey
commands command
keep keep
secrets secret
Kingsguard Kingsguard
sworn sworn
life life
forbidden forbidden
owning owning
land land
taking taking
wife wife
fathering fathering
children child
although although
hold hold
nonhereditary nonhereditary
commands command
warden warden
Hand Hand
King King
Two Two
female female
ruling ruling
monarchs monarch
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
– –
AC AC
Queen Queen
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
ACPresent ACPresent
operated operated
Queensguard Queensguard
instead instead
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
composed composed
seven seven
men men
sworn sworn
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
serves serf
life life
regardless regardless
age age
physical physical
mental mental
ailments ailment
invalid invalid
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
incapable incapable
performing performing
duties duty
taken taken
sworn sworn
brothers brother
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
forbidden forbidden
marry marry
father father
children child
hold hold
land land
Regardless Regardless
White White
Swords Swords
may may
retain retain
granted granted
certain certain
titles title
Aemon Aemon
Targaryen Targaryen
Lewyn Lewyn
Martell Martell
continued continued
use use
style style
prince prince
Lord Lord
Commanders Commanders
Ryam Ryam
Redwyne Redwyne
Criston Criston
Cole Cole
Marston Marston
Waters Waters
also also
acted acted
Hand Hand
King King
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
named named
Warden Warden
East East
first first
duty duty
Kingsguard Kingsguard
defending defending
king king
harm harm
sworn sworn
obey obey
kings king
commands command
keep keep
secrets secret
counsel counsel
requested requested
keep keep
silent silent
defend defend
name name
honor honor
king king
decide decide
extend extend
protection protection
offered offered
Kingsguard Kingsguard
others others
kings king
chosen chosen
extend extend
protection protection
wives wife
children child
relatives relative
even even
chosen chosen
grant grant
protection protection
lovers lover
mistresses mistress
bastards bastard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
sworn sworn
protect protect
queen queen
though though
anything anything
king king
might might
also also
sworn sworn
harm harm
member member
royal royal
family family
order order
protect protect
king king
royal royal
family family
night night
day day
sevenman sevenman
Kingsguard Kingsguard
must must
rely rely
degree degree
others others
Prince Prince
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
sworn sworn
shield shield
knights knight
trusted trusted
kings king
security security
entire entire
Kingsguard Kingsguard
meets meet
White White
Sword Sword
Tower Tower
queen queen
may may
guarded guarded
sworn sworn
shield shield
Jonquil Jonquil
Darke Darke
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
household household
knights knight
Vylarr Vylarr
red red
cloaks cloak
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
serves serf
kings king
small small
council council
small small
council council
session session
one one
Kingsguard Kingsguard
always always
stands stand
guard guard
outside outside
council council
chambers chamber
another another
usually usually
posted posted
end end
bridge bridge
Maegors Maegors
Holdfast Holdfast
Kingsguard Kingsguard
wear wear
white white
cloaks cloak
intricate intricate
suits suit
white white
enameled enameled
scales scale
fastenings fastening
breastplate breastplate
pieces piece
made made
silver silver
alone alone
bear bear
right right
carry carry
pure pure
white white
unemblazoned unemblazoned
shield shield
white white
armor armor
little little
decoration decoration
although although
members member
wear wear
decorative decorative
brooches brooch
gaudy gaudy
helms helm
According According
semicanon semicanon
source source
Kingsguards Kingsguards
standard standard
depicts depicts
seven seven
silver silver
swords sword
encircling encircling
golden golden
crown crown
rite rite
making making
new new
member member
White White
Swords Swords
vary vary
solemn solemn
formal formal
event event
knight knight
kneels kneel
makes make
vows vow
king king
receives receives
white white
cloak cloak
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Hand Hand
King King
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
new new
Kingsguard Kingsguard
might might
anointed anointed
High High
Septon Septon
names name
Seven Seven
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
always always
chosen chosen
king king
seniority seniority
ability ability
playing playing
parts part
decision decision
Also Also
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
generally generally
chosen chosen
existing existing
pool pool
Kingsguard Kingsguard
white white
cloaks cloak
uninterrupted uninterrupted
history history
since since
creation creation
reign reign
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
recorded recorded
White White
Book Book
formally formally
named named
Book Book
Brothers Brothers
White White
Book Book
kept kept
White White
Sword Sword
Tower Tower
tower tower
Red Red
Keep Keep
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
home home
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Every Every
knight knight
ever ever
served served
Kingsguard Kingsguard
page page
book book
deeds deed
recorded recorded
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
tasked tasked
keeping keeping
entries entry
date date
septons septons
come come
three three
times time
year year
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
add add
heraldic heraldic
drawings drawing
illuminations illumination
Kingsguard Kingsguard
founded founded
reign reign
first first
Targaryen Targaryen
king king
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Aegon Aegon
Conqueror Conqueror
first first
Kingsguard Kingsguard
created created
suggestion suggestion
Queen Queen
Visenya Visenya
Targaryen Targaryen
Dornish Dornish
assassination assassination
attempt attempt
Aegon Aegon
streets street
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
AC AC
deliberately deliberately
modeled modeled
Kingsguard Kingsguard
vows vow
holding holding
lands land
title title
ancient ancient
vows vow
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
seven seven
knights knight
chosen chosen
king king
ruled ruled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Prince Prince
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
put put
forth forth
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
two two
Kingsguard Kingsguard
reigning reigning
King King
Maegor Maegor
Targaryen Targaryen
abandoned abandoned
According According
Maegor Maegor
killed killed
member member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
could could
longer longer
abide abide
tyranny tyranny
king king
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
selected selected
five five
members member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
War War
White White
Cloaks Cloaks
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Kingsguard Kingsguard
split split
knights knight
serving serving
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Queensguard Queensguard
serving serving
Queen Queen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
hedge hedge
knight knight
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
rose rose
become become
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
King King
Aegon Aegon
V V
Targaryen Targaryen
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Ser Ser
Jonothor Jonothor
Darry Darry
Prince Prince
Lewyn Lewyn
Martell Martell
killed killed
Battle Battle
Trident Trident
Ser Ser
Arthur Arthur
Dayne Dayne
Ser Ser
Oswell Oswell
Whent Whent
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Gerold Gerold
Hightower Hightower
died died
combat combat
tower tower
joy joy
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
slew slew
charge charge
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Sack Sack
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
earning earning
Kingslayer Kingslayer
sobriquet sobriquet
new new
king king
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
allowed allowed
Jaime Jaime
remain remain
Kingsguard Kingsguard
elevated elevated
surviving surviving
member member
Mad Mad
Kings Kings
white white
cloaks cloak
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
position position
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
death death
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Arryn Arryn
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
names name
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
new new
Warden Warden
East East
even even
though though
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
speaks speaks
Jaime Jaime
also also
line line
inherit inherit
title title
Warden Warden
West West
Robert Robert
later later
threatens threatens
name name
Jaime Jaime
Hand Hand
King King
Robert Robert
dies dy
gored gored
boar boar
successor successor
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
dismisses dismisses
aged aged
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
breaks break
tradition tradition
previous previous
Kingsguard Kingsguard
served served
life life
Joffrey Joffrey
elevates elevates
uncle uncle
Jaime Jaime
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
adds add
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
knight knight
Jaime Jaime
captured captured
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
battle battle
Whispering Whispering
Wood Wood
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
names name
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
first first
member member
Queensguard Queensguard
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
King King
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
protected protected
Kingsguard Kingsguard
names name
Rainbow Rainbow
Guard Guard
Joffrey Joffrey
Kingsguard Kingsguard
beat beat
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Ser Ser
Preston Preston
Greenfield Greenfield
killed killed
riot riot
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
replaced replaced
Ser Ser
Balon Balon
Swann Swann
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Blount Blount
removed removed
white white
cloaks cloak
protecting protecting
Prince Prince
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
replaced replaced
Ser Ser
Osmund Osmund
Kettleblack Kettleblack
Ser Ser
Mandon Mandon
Moore Moore
drowns drowns
battle battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
flees flees
battlefield battlefield
Ser Ser
Loras Loras
Tyrell Tyrell
joins join
Kingsguard Kingsguard
battle battle
Aggo Aggo
Jhogo Jhogo
Rakharo Rakharo
members member
Daeneryss Daeneryss
Queensguard Queensguard
Boros Boros
restored restored
Kingsguard Kingsguard
return return
Lady Lady
Lysa Lysa
Arryn Arryn
returning returning
kings king
peace peace
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Joffreys Joffreys
Hand Hand
names name
Lord Lord
Robert Robert
Arryn Arryn
Warden Warden
East East
instead instead
Jaime Jaime
Jaime Jaime
released released
imprisonment imprisonment
Riverrun Riverrun
Catelyn Catelyn
Stark Stark
returns return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Strong Strong
Belwas Belwas
member member
Daeneryss Daeneryss
Queensguard Queensguard
Jaime Jaime
standing standing
vigil vigil
father father
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
wears wear
long long
hauberk hauberk
scales scale
motherofpearl motherofpearl
chased chased
gold gold
failed failed
plot plot
crown crown
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakheart Oakheart
killed killed
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
Greenblood Greenblood
Dorne Dorne
Meereen Meereen
Barristan Barristan
becomes becomes
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Daeneryss Daeneryss
Queensguard Queensguard
wishes wish
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Rolly Rolly
Duckfield Duckfield
named named
first first
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Strong Strong
named named
Kingsguard Kingsguard
King King
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
unknown unknown
king king
following following
Lord Lord
Commanders Commanders
knights knight
served served
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Lord Lord
Commanders Commanders
Knights Knights
Two Two
members member
Aegons Aegons
Kingsguard Kingsguard
died died
defending defending
Two Two
members member
Maegors Maegors
Kingsguard Kingsguard
slain slain
Lord Lord
Rupert Rupert
Falwell Falwell
famed famed
Fighting Fighting
Fool Fool
Battle Battle
Great Great
Fork Fork
Blackwater Blackwater
AC AC
Maegors Maegors
death death
surviving surviving
Kingsguard Kingsguard
either either
executed executed
sent sent
join join
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
recorded recorded
maesters maesters
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knights knight
serve serve
reign reign
monarch monarch
Furthermore Furthermore
many many
historians historian
concur concur
king king
ever ever
possessed possessed
Kingsguard Kingsguard
could could
equal equal
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
first first
seven seven
reign reign
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
covered covered
war war
succession succession
known known
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
war war
eldest eldest
living living
son son
late late
King King
Viserys Viserys
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
eldest eldest
living living
child child
King King
Viserys Viserys
daughter daughter
proclaimed proclaimed
heir heir
Princess Princess
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
crowned crowned
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
Rhaenyra Rhaenyra
Targaryen Targaryen
Ser Ser
Robin Robin
Massey Massey
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Darklyn Darklyn
named named
white white
cloaks cloak
Aegon Aegon
III III
Robin Robin
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
appointments appointment
later later
set set
aside aside
Lord Lord
Unwin Unwin
Peake Peake
AC AC
Three Three
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knights knight
died died
trying trying
protect protect
Daeron Daeron
Dorne Dorne
one one
threw threw
sword sword
yielded yielded
AC AC
currently currently
unknown unknown
Olyvar Olyvar
Oakheart Oakheart
one one
three three
die die
AC AC
whether whether
died died
earlier earlier
Daeron Daeron
reign reign
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
concluded concluded
new new
king king
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
multiple multiple
positions position
fill fill
five five
members member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
predecessor predecessor
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
war war
Gerold Gerold
Hightower Hightower
Arthur Arthur
Dayne Dayne
Lewyn Lewyn
Martell Martell
Oswell Oswell
Whent Whent
Jonothor Jonothor
Darry Darry
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
two two
surviving surviving
knights knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
King King
Aerys Aerys
II II
pardoned pardoned
King King
Robert Robert
swore swore
loyalty loyalty
new new
king king
served served
members member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
throughout throughout
reign reign
five five
vacancies vacancy
filled filled
necessarily necessarily
best best
skilled skilled
knights knight
Robert Robert
settle settle
available available
Furthermore Furthermore
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
exercised exercised
influence influence
naming naming
new new
Kingsguard Kingsguard
members member
throughout throughout
Roberts Roberts
reign reign
spoke spoke
Ser Ser
Richard Richard
Horpe Horpe
passed passed
Upon Upon
ascension ascension
young young
king king
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
dismissed dismissed
first first
time time
ever ever
history history
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
named named
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Selmys Selmys
stead stead
unanointed unanointed
warrior warrior
Sandor Sandor
Clegane Clegane
appointed appointed
empty empty
position position
marking marking
first first
moment moment
member member
Kingsguard Kingsguard
dubbed dubbed
knight knight
Upon Upon
landing landing
Westeros Westeros
Golden Golden
Company Company
Aegon Aegon
named named
friend friend
Ser Ser
Rolly Rolly
Duckfield Duckfield
first first
new new
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
approve approve
choice choice
asked asked
Aegon Aegon
leave leave
six six
slots slot
open open
knights knight
renown renown
sons son
great great
lords lord
would would
add add
luster luster
cause cause
Old Old
Nan Nan
said said
finest finest
swords sword
realm realm
seven seven
wore wore
white white
armor armor
wives wife
children child
lived lived
serve serve
king king
Bran Bran
knew knew
stories story
names name
like like
music music
himNo himNo
knight knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
outlive outlive
king king
king king
dies dy
violenceEddard violenceEddard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Varys Varys
paper paper
shield shield
Try Try
look look
shocked shocked
Lord Lord
Stark Stark
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Sworn Sworn
Brother Brother
White White
Swords Swords
know know
oath oath
worth worth
days day
men men
like like
Ryam Ryam
Redwyne Redwyne
Prince Prince
Aemon Aemon
Dragonknight Dragonknight
wore wore
white white
cloak cloak
gone gone
dust dust
song song
seven seven
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
made made
true true
steel steel
Selmy Selmy
old old
Ser Ser
Boros Boros
Ser Ser
Meryn Meryn
queens queen
creatures creature
bone bone
deep deep
suspicions suspicion
others others
lord lord
swords sword
come come
earnest earnest
true true
friend friend
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
haveEddard haveEddard
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
fled fled
Dragonstone Dragonstone
queen queen
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
thought thought
might might
sailed sailed
himOswell himOswell
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
good good
man man
trueGerold trueGerold
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
fleeSomething fleeSomething
father father
told told
little little
came came
back back
suddenly suddenly
asked asked
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Kingsguard Kingsguard
truly truly
finest finest
knights knight
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
longer longer
answered answered
marvel marvel
shining shining
lesson lesson
worldIt worldIt
rare rare
precious precious
gift gift
knight knight
even even
knight knight
Kingsguard Kingsguard
gift gift
given given
gift gift
scorned scorned
sulliedJaime sulliedJaime
man man
puts put
cloak cloak
changes change
himCersei himCersei
certainly certainly
changed changed
betterHe betterHe
wondered wondered
Ser Ser
Arthur Arthur
Dayne Dayne
would would
say say
lot lot
Kingsguard Kingsguard
fallen fallen
low low
like like
would would
answer answer
opened opened
door door
nothing nothing
vermin vermin
began began
crawl crawl
insideArianne insideArianne
think think
Kingsguard Kingsguard
ever ever
loved loved
womanArys womanArys
always always
men men
found found
easier easier
speak speak
vows vow
keep keep
themDaenerys themDaenerys
brother brother
told told
Westerosi Westerosi
riddle riddle
listens listens
everything everything
yet yet
hears hears
nothingBarristan nothingBarristan
knight knight
KingsguardSome KingsguardSome
heroes hero
weaklings weakling
knaves knave
cravens craven
menquicker menquicker
stronger stronger
skilled skilled
sword sword
shield shield
still still
prey prey
pride pride
ambition ambition
lust lust
love love
anger anger
jealousy jealousy
greed greed
gold gold
hunger hunger
power power
failings failing
afflicted afflicted
lesser lesser
mortals mortal
best best
overcame overcame
flaws flaw
duty duty
died died
swords sword
hands hand
worst worst
worst worst
played played
game game
thrones throne
Year Year
Conquest Conquest
AC AC
year year
Westerosi Westerosi
calendar calendar
st st
Aegons Aegons
crowning crowning
Oldtown Oldtown
maesters maesters
educated educated
people people
use use
reference reference
date date
years year
AC AC
saw saw
end end
civil civil
war war
known known
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
King King
Aegon Aegon
II II
Targaryen Targaryen
died died
middle middle
year year
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
Younger Younger
Targaryen Targaryen
crowned crowned
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
instead instead
peace peace
made made
Year Year
Conquest Conquest
AC AC
year year
Westerosi Westerosi
calendar calendar
th th
Aegons Aegons
crowning crowning
Oldtown Oldtown
maesters maesters
educated educated
people people
use use
reference reference
date date
years year
AC AC
marked marked
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
sees see
major major
battles battle
conflict conflict
year year
three three
claimants claimant
die die
Renly Renly
Baratheon Baratheon
killed killed
camp camp
sorcery sorcery
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
falls fall
death death
bridge bridge
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
murdered murdered
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Stannis Stannis
Baratheons Baratheons
options option
suffer suffer
severe severe
blowback blowback
defeated defeated
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
leaving leaving
LannisterTyrell LannisterTyrell
alliance alliance
victors victor
war war
alliance alliance
cemented cemented
betrothal betrothal
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
scheduled scheduled
first first
day day
year year
AC AC
Meanwhile Meanwhile
Essos Essos
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
gives give
birth birth
three three
dragon dragon
hatchlings hatchling
final final
chapters chapter
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
chapters chapter
Clash Clash
Kings Kings
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
take take
place place
AC AC
Conflicts Conflicts
Events Events
North North
Wall Wall
Beyond Beyond
Across Across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Riverlands Riverlands
Rest Rest
Westeros Westeros
North North
Wall Wall
Beyond Beyond
Across Across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Riverlands Riverlands
Rest Rest
Westeros Westeros
King King
Queen Queen
Small Small
Council Council
Lord Lord
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Knighted Knighted
Castellan Castellan
Titles Titles
Year Year
Conquest Conquest
AC AC
year year
Westerosi Westerosi
calendar calendar
th th
Aegons Aegons
crowning crowning
Oldtown Oldtown
maesters maesters
educated educated
people people
use use
reference reference
date date
years year
AC AC
known known
Year Year
Red Red
Spring Spring
epithet epithet
also also
used used
AC AC
harsh harsh
sixyear sixyear
winter winter
beginning beginning
recede recede
Daemon Daemon
III III
Blackfyre Blackfyre
crossed crossed
Narrow Narrow
Sea Sea
army army
attempted attempted
invade invade
Westeros Westeros
would would
become become
Fourth Fourth
Blackfyre Blackfyre
Rebellion Rebellion
Blackfyres Blackfyres
defeated defeated
Battle Battle
Wendwater Wendwater
Bridge Bridge
Kingsguad Kingsguad
knight knight
Ser Ser
Duncan Duncan
Tall Tall
slew slew
Daemon Daemon
III III
Year Year
Conquest Conquest
AC AC
year year
Westerosi Westerosi
calendar calendar
th th
Aegons Aegons
crowning crowning
Oldtown Oldtown
maesters maesters
educated educated
people people
use use
reference reference
date date
years year
AC AC
started started
wedding wedding
death death
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
took took
place place
first first
day day
year year
brother brother
Tommen Tommen
crowned crowned
shortly shortly
thereafter thereafter
married married
widowed widowed
Margaery Margaery
Tyrell Tyrell
preserving preserving
alliance alliance
houses house
Lannister Lannister
Tyrell Tyrell
ensured ensured
stability stability
realm realm
However However
murders murder
Tywin Tywin
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
rise rise
Faith Faith
Militant Militant
invasion invasion
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
left left
Westeros Westeros
turmoil turmoil
final final
chapters chapter
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
chapters chapter
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
chapters chapter
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
take take
place place
AC AC
Conflicts Conflicts
Events Events
North North
Wall Wall
Beyond Beyond
Across Across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Kings Kings
landing landing
Riverlands Riverlands
Rest Rest
Westeros Westeros
North North
Wall Wall
Beyond Beyond
Across Across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Riverlands Riverlands
Rest Rest
Westeros Westeros
King King
Queen Queen
Small Small
Council Council
Lord Lord
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Knighted Knighted
Castellan Castellan
Titles Titles
Shae Shae
young young
camp camp
follower follower
comes come
service service
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
television television
adaptation adaptation
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
portrayed portrayed
Sibel Sibel
Kekilli Kekilli
Shae Shae
short short
five five
feet foot
tall tall
slim slim
pretty pretty
small small
firm firm
breasts breast
large large
dark dark
eyes eye
short short
dark dark
hair hair
smile smile
turn turn
shy shy
insolent insolent
wicked wicked
around around
eighteen eighteen
years year
old old
Shae Shae
claims claim
ran ran
away away
home home
father father
attempted attempted
turn turn
kitchen kitchen
wench wench
whore whore
Shae Shae
present present
camp camp
follower follower
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
army army
Riverlands Riverlands
Bronn Bronn
brings brings
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
looking looking
female female
companion companion
battle battle
Green Green
Fork Fork
Tyrion Tyrion
sleeps sleep
battle battle
taking taking
liking liking
decides decides
take take
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
despite despite
father father
Tywins Tywins
explicit explicit
command command
take take
whore whore
court court
Upon Upon
arrival arrival
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Shae Shae
set set
manse manse
near near
Iron Iron
Gate Gate
Tyrion Tyrion
can can
not not
bring bring
court court
already already
defying defying
father father
bringing bringing
capital capital
Tyrion Tyrion
makes make
frequent frequent
use use
Shaes Shaes
services service
relegating relegating
role role
exclusive exclusive
companion companion
finds find
feelings feeling
strong strong
Tyrion Tyrion
believes belief
finally finally
gotten gotten
first first
wife wife
Tysha Tysha
need need
whoring whoring
Recognizing Recognizing
Shaes Shaes
presence presence
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
weapon weapon
adversaries adversary
could could
use use
Tyrion Tyrion
takes take
pains pain
keep keep
safe safe
secret secret
though though
presence presence
immediately immediately
known known
Lord Lord
Varys Varys
several several
occasions occasion
facilitates facilitates
trysts tryst
Tyrion Tyrion
keeps keep
manse manse
rendezvous rendezvous
secret secret
approach approach
Stannis Stannis
Baratheons Baratheons
army army
breaking breaking
several several
riots riot
city city
Tyrion Tyrion
comes come
fear fear
Shaes Shaes
safety safety
moves move
Red Red
Keep Keep
finds find
cover cover
job job
maid maid
Lollys Lollys
Stokeworth Stokeworth
allowing allowing
continue continue
see see
Tyrion Tyrion
married married
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Shae Shae
made made
maid maid
Sansas Sansas
continue continue
close close
Tyrion Tyrion
Tyrion Tyrion
worried worried
safety safety
however however
torn torn
sending sending
away away
marrying marrying
order order
avoid avoid
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
Cersei Cersei
Lannisters Lannisters
suspicions suspicion
Eventually Eventually
decides decides
arrange arrange
marriage marriage
Shae Shae
Ser Ser
Tallad Tallad
act act
however however
Tyrion Tyrion
charged charged
murdering murdering
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheon Baratheon
Tyrions Tyrions
trial trial
Shae Shae
betrays betrays
Tyrion Tyrion
lying lying
conspired conspired
Sansa Sansa
murder murder
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
revealing revealing
full full
intimate intimate
details detail
affair affair
including including
pet pet
name name
Giant Giant
Lannister Lannister
exchange exchange
testimony testimony
Cersei Cersei
offered offered
manse manse
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
knight knight
wed wed
Shae Shae
Lord Lord
Tywins Tywins
bed bed
Tyrion Tyrion
enters enters
Tywins Tywins
chambers chamber
Tower Tower
Hand Hand
escape escape
black black
cells cell
strangles strangles
death death
fathers father
golden golden
chain chain
office office
death death
strangulation strangulation
Tyrions Tyrions
bed bed
ironic ironic
light light
Tywins Tywins
earlier earlier
threat threat
Tyrion Tyrion
done done
whores whore
next next
one one
find find
bed bed
Ill Ill
hang hang
Shaes Shaes
body body
discovered discovered
bed bed
Tyrion Tyrion
left left
Cersei Cersei
orders order
disposal disposal
corpse corpse
handled handled
Kettleblacks Kettleblacks
presence presence
chambers chamber
Hand Hand
King King
kept kept
secret secret
exile exile
Essos Essos
Tyrion Tyrion
remembers remembers
killing killing
Shae Shae
several several
occasions occasion
mother mother
named named
Shae Shae
Men Men
call call
oftenShae oftenShae
Mlord Mlord
looks look
fearsome fearsome
Tyrion Tyrion
Mlord Mlord
looks look
dwarf dwarf
mismatched mismatched
armor armor
thank thank
kindnessShae kindnessShae
may may
whore whore
faithful faithful
fashionIm fashionIm
free free
Tysha Tysha
Shes Shes
haunted haunted
half half
life life
dont dont
need need
need need
Alayaya Alayaya
Dancy Dancy
Marei Marei
hundreds hundred
like like
Ive Ive
bedded bedded
years year
Shae Shae
ShaeYou ShaeYou
knew knew
Tyrion Tyrion
companions companion
aboard aboard
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
continue continue
way way
Rhoyne Rhoyne
encounter encounter
heavy heavy
amounts amount
fog fog
Sorrows Sorrows
severely severely
hindering hindering
visibility visibility
Ysilla Ysilla
insists insists
common common
fog fog
claiming claiming
restless restless
spirits spirit
surround surround
Tyrion Tyrion
initially initially
unconcerned unconcerned
begins begin
make make
japes jape
quickly quickly
begins begin
reevaluate reevaluate
situation situation
surroundings surroundings
grow grow
eerie eerie
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
floats float
past past
ruins ruin
palace palace
ruins ruin
Chroyane Chroyane
Tyrion Tyrion
recalls recall
brief brief
joy joy
Tysha Tysha
Fearing Fearing
attack attack
fog fog
Griff Griff
orders order
Young Young
Griff Griff
accompany accompany
Septa Septa
Lemore Lemore
safety safety
deck deck
Tyrion Tyrion
reveals reveals
knowledge knowledge
regarding regarding
boy boy
confirms confirms
bits bit
information information
apparently apparently
learned learned
previous previous
bet bet
Haldon Haldon
Young Young
Griff Griff
fact fact
young young
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
although although
Tyrion Tyrion
uncertain uncertain
survived survived
events event
following following
Trident Trident
also also
comes come
conclusion conclusion
Griff Griff
late late
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryens Targaryens
friend friend
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
former former
Hand Hand
King King
Tyrion Tyrion
also also
reveals reveals
Lannister Lannister
roots root
party party
time time
discuss discus
loyalties loyalty
intentions intention
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
attacked attacked
stone stone
men men
helps help
make make
efforts effort
ensure ensure
safety safety
nowrevealed nowrevealed
young young
prince prince
board board
dwarf dwarf
knocked knocked
water water
dragged dragged
one one
stone stone
men men
Appearing Appearing
Mentioned Mentioned
Haldon Haldon
called called
Haldon Haldon
Halfmaester Halfmaester
healer healer
tutor tutor
Young Young
Griff Griff
Haldon Haldon
cleanshaven cleanshaven
lined lined
ascetic ascetic
face face
wears wear
hair hair
pulled pulled
back back
tied tied
knot knot
behind behind
head head
cool cool
grey grey
eyes eye
studied studied
Citadel Citadel
earn earn
enough enough
links link
become become
maester maester
Haldon Haldon
largest largest
cabin cabin
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
walls wall
lined lined
bookshelves bookshelf
bins bin
old old
parchments parchment
scrolls scroll
racks rack
ointments ointment
herbs herb
potions potion
furnished furnished
bunk bunk
writing writing
desk desk
chair chair
stool stool
cyvasse cyvasse
table table
Haldon Haldon
meets meet
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatiss Mopatiss
litter litter
escorts escort
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
meet meet
rest rest
party party
set set
sail sail
Volantis Volantis
Soon Soon
meeting meeting
Haldon Haldon
Tyrion Tyrion
realizes realizes
would would
well well
careful careful
around around
journey journey
river river
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Haldon Haldon
plays play
cyvasse cyvasse
Tyrion Tyrion
suggests suggests
play play
secrets secret
Haldon Haldon
confident confident
win win
play play
three three
hours hour
implied implied
Haldon Haldon
losesN losesN
attack attack
stone stone
men men
Haldon Haldon
checks check
Tyrion Tyrion
greyscale greyscale
sticking sticking
knife knife
Tyrions Tyrions
toes toe
fingers finger
Griff Griff
sends sends
Selhorys Selhorys
investigate investigate
rumors rumor
Yandry Yandry
Ysilla Ysilla
heard heard
taking taking
Tyrion Tyrion
lets let
Tyrion Tyrion
go go
whorehouse whorehouse
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
surprises surprise
Tyrion Tyrion
takes take
prisoner prisoner
Haldon Haldon
goes go
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
Griff Griff
actually actually
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
assumes assumes
duties duty
castle castle
maester maester
previous previous
maester maester
killed killed
taking taking
castle castle
relays relay
learns learns
castles castle
letters letter
Jon Jon
book book
dangerous dangerous
sword sword
right right
handsThe handsThe
dead dead
riseThe riseThe
Lannisters Lannisters
make make
enemies enemy
easily easily
harder harder
time time
keeping keeping
friends friend
Ysilla Ysilla
Yandrys Yandrys
wife wife
one one
crew crew
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
orphan orphan
Greenblood Greenblood
come come
home home
Mother Mother
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Ysilla Ysilla
described described
older older
woman woman
small small
dark dark
colored colored
Rhoynish Rhoynish
cast cast
features feature
voyage voyage
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
cooking cooking
cooks cook
biscuits biscuit
bacon bacon
sometimes sometimes
fish fish
Rhoyne Rhoyne
one one
main main
rivers river
eastern eastern
continent continent
Essos Essos
Rhoyne Rhoyne
originates originates
confluence confluence
two two
tributaries tributary
Upper Upper
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Little Little
Rhoyne Rhoyne
southeast southeast
ruins ruin
Ghoyan Ghoyan
Drohe Drohe
northwestern northwestern
Essos Essos
course course
runs run
southeast southeast
meets meet
Noyne Noyne
north north
Ny Ny
Sar Sar
Rhoyne Rhoyne
continues continues
southeast southeast
Dagger Dagger
Lake Lake
joined joined
Qhoyne Qhoyne
Dagger Dagger
Lake Lake
Rhoyne Rhoyne
runs run
south south
Golden Golden
Fields Fields
along along
western western
bank bank
Rhoyne Rhoyne
continues continues
south south
Lhorulu Lhorulu
flowing flowing
Sorrows Sorrows
Selhoru Selhoru
connecting connecting
Selhorys Selhorys
said said
southern southern
Rhoyne Rhoyne
becomes becomes
wide wide
someone someone
center center
can can
not not
see see
shores shore
Volaena Volaena
reaches reach
Rhoyne Rhoyne
north north
Volantis Volantis
giant giant
delta delta
forms form
mouth mouth
upon upon
Volantis Volantis
sits sits
along along
Summer Summer
Sea Sea
Long Long
Bridge Bridge
crosses cross
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Volantis Volantis
Settlements Settlements
ruins ruin
along along
Rhoyne Rhoyne
include include
Ny Ny
Sar Sar
Chroyane Chroyane
Selhorys Selhorys
Valysar Valysar
Sar Sar
Mell Mell
Volon Volon
Therys Therys
Volantis Volantis
Places Places
tributaries tributary
include include
Ghoyan Ghoyan
Drohe Drohe
Little Little
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Qohor Qohor
Ar Ar
Noy Noy
Qhoyne Qhoyne
Norvos Norvos
Noyne Noyne
Rhoyne Rhoyne
known known
river river
pirates pirate
hide hide
around around
many many
islands island
Dagger Dagger
Lake Lake
Timber Timber
Forest Forest
Qohor Qohor
shipped shipped
downriver downriver
since since
cities city
towns town
southern southern
Rhoyne Rhoyne
depleted depleted
many many
forests forest
Giant Giant
turtles turtle
known known
Old Old
Men Men
River River
live live
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Long Long
Night Night
Rhoyne Rhoyne
may may
frozen frozen
far far
south south
confluence confluence
Selhoru Selhoru
watershed watershed
Rhoyne Rhoyne
homeland homeland
Rhoynar Rhoynar
ironworking ironworking
people people
founded founded
several several
citystates citystates
along along
banks bank
hills hill
forests forest
contained contained
savage savage
peoples people
powerful powerful
Rhoynar Rhoynar
ensured ensured
peace peace
along along
river river
tributaries tributary
conquering conquering
Old Old
Empire Empire
Ghis Ghis
Valyrian Valyrian
Freehold Freehold
began began
expanding expanding
west west
founded founded
first first
colony colony
Volantis Volantis
mouth mouth
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Rhoynar Rhoynar
served served
buffer buffer
Valyrian Valyrian
expansion expansion
northwest northwest
however however
Valyrians Valyrians
instead instead
pressured pressured
Andals Andals
west west
Rhoynar Rhoynar
wielded wielded
water water
magic magic
later later
Rhoynish Rhoynish
Wars Wars
overwhelmed overwhelmed
dragonlords dragonlords
Valyria Valyria
Queen Queen
Nymeria Nymeria
led led
surviving surviving
Rhoynar Rhoynar
ten ten
thousand thousand
ships ship
homeland homeland
Dorne Dorne
southern southern
Westeros Westeros
Rhoynar Rhoynar
cities city
fell fell
ruin ruin
Nymeria Nymeria
wed wed
Lord Lord
Mors Mors
Martell Martell
Dorne Dorne
forming forming
House House
Nymeros Nymeros
Martell Martell
new new
seat seat
Sunspear Sunspear
named named
spear spear
Martells Martells
sun sun
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Rhoynar Rhoynar
remaining remaining
along along
Rhoynes Rhoynes
banks bank
Among Among
river river
holds hold
godlike godlike
status status
faith faith
called called
Mother Mother
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Century Century
Blood Blood
Doom Doom
Valyria Valyria
Norvos Norvos
Qohor Qohor
used used
fire fire
galleys galley
Dagger Dagger
Lake Lake
end end
Volantene Volantene
control control
northern northern
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Rhoyne Rhoyne
south south
Sorrows Sorrows
still still
patrolled patrolled
Volantene Volantene
galleys galley
headwaters headwater
Rhoyne Rhoyne
dominated dominated
Great Great
Norvos Norvos
Qohor Qohor
controls control
river river
north north
Ar Ar
Noy Noy
waters water
Ar Ar
Noy Noy
Sorrows Sorrows
left left
pirates pirate
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
companions companion
sail sail
Shy Shy
Maid Maid
Ghoyan Ghoyan
Drohe Drohe
toward toward
Volantis Volantis
Tyrion Tyrion
abducted abducted
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
Selhorys Selhorys
however however
board board
Selaesori Selaesori
Qhoran Qhoran
Volantis Volantis
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
Victarion Victarion
Greyjoy Greyjoy
also also
stop stop
Volantis Volantis
journeys journey
toward toward
Meereen Meereen
Golden Golden
Company Company
sails sail
Volon Volon
Therys Therys
Westeros Westeros
greatest greatest
river river
worldMother worldMother
Rhoyne Rhoyne
waxes wax
wide wide
man man
upon upon
boat boat
center center
stream stream
can can
not not
see see
shore shore
either either
side side
Norvos Norvos
called called
Great Great
Norvos Norvos
people people
one one
nine nine
Free Free
Cities Cities
lies lie
interior interior
Essos Essos
Pentos Pentos
Qohor Qohor
Norvos Norvos
sits sits
among among
Hills Hills
Norvos Norvos
upon upon
eastern eastern
banks bank
river river
Noyne Noyne
tributary tributary
massive massive
Rhoyne Rhoyne
surrounded surrounded
limestone limestone
hills hill
dark dark
forests forest
oak oak
pine pine
beech beech
Located Located
Pentos Pentos
Qohor Qohor
serves serf
gateway gateway
caravans caravan
travelers traveler
going going
eastwest eastwest
ancient ancient
Valyrian Valyrian
roads road
ruins ruin
Ghoyan Ghoyan
Drohe Drohe
southwest southwest
Qohor Qohor
southeast southeast
Norvos Norvos
located located
land land
rolling rolling
hills hill
terraced terraced
farms farm
surrounded surrounded
small small
walled walled
villages village
support support
larger larger
city city
domains domain
Norvos Norvos
stretch stretch
far far
western western
bank bank
Darkwash Darkwash
east east
Upper Upper
Rhoyne Rhoyne
west west
Noyne Noyne
ruled ruled
Norvoshi Norvoshi
river river
galleys galley
far far
south south
ruins ruin
Ny Ny
Sar Sar
joins join
Rhoyne Rhoyne
city city
also also
claims claim
dominion dominion
Axe Axe
upon upon
Shivering Shivering
Sea Sea
though though
Ibbenese Ibbenese
known known
dispute dispute
claim claim
often often
bloodily bloodily
Norvoss Norvoss
climate climate
contains contains
sweltering sweltering
summers summer
bitter bitter
winters winter
harsh harsh
cold cold
winds wind
pale pale
wan wan
sun sun
Norvos Norvos
made made
two two
parts part
joined joined
massive massive
stone stone
stair stair
known known
Sinners Sinners
Steps Steps
high high
city city
ancient ancient
nobility nobility
Norvos Norvos
lives life
ringed ringed
mighty mighty
stone stone
walls wall
located located
tallest tallest
hill hill
region region
great great
fortresstemple fortresstemple
bearded bearded
priests priest
located located
lower lower
city city
located located
three three
hundred hundred
feet foot
base base
hill hill
river river
spread spread
along along
muddy muddy
shores shore
defended defended
moats moat
ditches ditch
timber timber
palisade palisade
overgrown overgrown
moss moss
riverfront riverfront
lined lined
wharves wharf
brothels brothel
beer beer
halls hall
upper upper
city city
grim grim
lower lower
city city
lively lively
Norvoss Norvoss
three three
bells bell
govern govern
every every
aspect aspect
lives life
city city
bells bell
tell tell
Norvoshi Norvoshi
rise rise
sleep sleep
work work
rest rest
take take
arms arm
pray pray
permitted permitted
carnal carnal
relations relation
bell bell
distinctive distinctive
voice voice
name name
Lomas Lomas
Longstrider Longstrider
counts count
bells bell
Norvos Norvos
one one
nine nine
Wonders Wonders
Made Made
Man Man
Norvos Norvos
theocracy theocracy
council council
magisters magisters
members member
chosen chosen
bearded bearded
priests priest
speak speak
god god
wield wield
true true
power power
Free Free
City City
magisters magisters
give give
lavishly lavishly
passing passing
Dothraki Dothraki
khals khals
khalasars khalasars
savage savage
city city
Among Among
Norvoshi Norvoshi
priests priest
allowed allowed
beards beard
priests priest
wear wear
hair hair
shirts shirt
untanned untanned
hides hide
initiated initiated
men men
forbidden forbidden
cut cut
shave shave
hair hair
practice practice
ritual ritual
flagellation flagellation
part part
worship worship
name name
god god
worshipped worshipped
Norvoshi Norvoshi
known known
initiates initiate
freeborn freeborn
city city
noble noble
lowborn lowborn
favor favor
long long
mustachios mustachio
Byan Byan
Votyris Votyris
instance instance
dyes dye
mustachio mustachio
blue blue
sweeps sweep
ears ear
Norvoshi Norvoshi
women woman
shave shave
hair hair
though though
noblewomen noblewoman
wigs wig
especially especially
company company
men men
lands land
cities city
Norvoshi Norvoshi
women woman
wear wear
dresses dress
squirrel squirrel
collars collar
Norvoshi Norvoshi
foster foster
children child
Slaves Slaves
also also
shaved shaved
bare bare
whispers whisper
torchlit torchlit
cellars cellar
slave slave
women woman
mate mate
wolves wolf
Norvoshi Norvoshi
enjoy enjoy
wintercakes wintercakes
nahsa nahsa
drink drink
fermented fermented
goats goat
milk milk
laced laced
honey honey
year year
festival festival
Norvos Norvos
features feature
bears bear
dancing dancing
Sinners Sinners
Steps Steps
Doro Doro
Golathis Golathis
historian historian
Norvos Norvos
Norvoshi Norvoshi
well well
known known
tapestries tapestry
Norvos Norvos
involved involved
trade trade
Lorath Lorath
rarely rarely
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Caravans Caravans
known known
pass pas
city city
original original
settlers settler
Norvos Norvos
unknown unknown
Rhoynar Rhoynar
theorize theorize
mazemakers mazemakers
Ibbenese Ibbenese
believe believe
Andals Andals
Hairy Hairy
men men
east east
said said
driven driven
original original
villagers villager
away away
hairy hairy
men men
eventually eventually
expelled expelled
Prince Prince
Garris Garris
Ny Ny
Sar Sar
Rhoynar Rhoynar
remain remain
however however
preferring preferring
instead instead
warmer warmer
lower lower
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Modern Modern
Norvos Norvos
like like
Qohor Qohor
Lorath Lorath
founded founded
following following
religious religious
schism schism
Valyrian Valyrian
Freehold Freehold
Dissidents Dissidents
found found
religious religious
tolerance tolerance
Freehold Freehold
intolerable intolerable
sect sect
bearded bearded
priests priest
founded founded
Norvos Norvos
theocracy theocracy
true true
faith faith
would would
practiced practiced
Norvos Norvos
came came
conflict conflict
Lorath Lorath
Qarlon Qarlon
Great Great
trying trying
become become
King King
Andals Andals
expanded expanded
domain domain
Axe Axe
headwaters headwater
Upper Upper
Rhoyne Rhoyne
Noyne Noyne
Norvoshi Norvoshi
closed closed
river river
Qarlon Qarlon
came came
forth forth
attack attack
Two Two
battles battle
lost lost
Norvos Norvos
hills hill
leading leading
Qarlon Qarlon
march march
city city
According According
Fires Fires
Freehold Freehold
hundred hundred
dragons dragon
Valyrian Valyrian
Freehold Freehold
descended descended
upon upon
Andals Andals
laying laying
siege siege
Norvos Norvos
Qarlon Qarlon
burned burned
army army
Lorath Lorath
followed followed
shortly shortly
thereafter thereafter
Scouring Scouring
Lorath Lorath
Century Century
Blood Blood
Doom Doom
Valyria Valyria
Norvos Norvos
Qohor Qohor
allied allied
together together
Volantis Volantis
destroyed destroyed
much much
Volantene Volantene
fleet fleet
control control
Rhoyne Rhoyne
battle battle
involving involving
fire fire
galleys galley
Dagger Dagger
Lake Lake
Since Since
though though
bearded bearded
priests priest
known known
regard regard
Black Black
Goat Goat
Qohor Qohor
demon demon
Norvos Norvos
Qohor Qohor
allies ally
often often
enemies enemy
Prince Prince
Daemon Daemon
Targaryen Targaryen
Lady Lady
Laena Laena
Velaryon Velaryon
visited visited
Norvos Norvos
Free Free
Cities Cities
wedding wedding
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
visited visited
Norvos Norvos
married married
Lady Lady
Mellario Mellario
Norvos Norvos
three three
children child
Doran Doran
guarded guarded
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
Norvoshi Norvoshi
trained trained
bearded bearded
priests priest
Already Already
angered angered
fostering fostering
Prince Prince
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
Yronwood Yronwood
Mellario Mellario
became became
estranged estranged
Doran Doran
returned returned
Norvos Norvos
husband husband
planned planned
send send
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
Tyrosh Tyrosh
Areo Areo
remained remained
Doran Doran
Sunspear Sunspear
however however
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
passes pass
Norvos Norvos
journey journey
Khal Khal
Drogos Drogos
khalasar khalasar
Pentos Pentos
Vaes Vaes
Dothrak Dothrak
Byan Byan
Votyris Votyris
leads lead
caravan caravan
Pentos Pentos
past past
Norvos Norvos
Vaes Vaes
Dothrak Dothrak
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
captain captain
Doran Doran
Martells Martells
guards guard
Norvos Norvos
raised raised
trained trained
punishment punishment
part part
conspiracy conspiracy
crown crown
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
Ser Ser
Andrey Andrey
Dalt Dalt
sent sent
serve serve
Lady Lady
Mellario Mellario
three three
years year
Norvos Norvos
† †
Ruined Ruined
destroyed destroyed
cities city
Oros Oros
ruined ruined
city city
sits sits
northern northern
coast coast
Smoking Smoking
Sea Sea
Essos Essos
said said
second second
majesty majesty
city city
Valyria Valyria
Doom Doom
lies lie
south south
Lands Lands
Long Long
Summer Summer
connected connected
Valyrian Valyrian
road road
Mantarys Mantarys
across across
Smoking Smoking
Sea Sea
lies lie
Tyria Tyria
Oros Oros
founded founded
Valyrian Valyrian
Freehold Freehold
Although Although
rich rich
glorious glorious
selfrule selfrule
instead instead
governed governed
men men
women woman
sent sent
Valyria Valyria
rule rule
name name
Freehold Freehold
ruins ruin
Oros Oros
still still
inhabited inhabited
extent extent
Doom Doom
Valyria Valyria
although although
clear clear
whether whether
descendants descendant
original original
inhabitants inhabitant
stories story
told told
latterday latterday
dwellers dweller
tend tend
towards towards
malign malign
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
fifth fifth
seven seven
planned planned
novels novel
epic epic
fantasy fantasy
series series
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
American American
author author
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
Despite Despite
original original
predictions prediction
possible possible
completion completion
late late
novel novel
released released
July July
Martin Martin
officially officially
finished finished
book book
April April
delivering delivering
page page
manuscript manuscript
hands hand
book book
editor editor
Anne Anne
Groell Groell
completing completing
office office
New New
York York
City City
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
name name
given given
civil civil
war war
prior prior
history history
Westeros Westeros
leading leading
much much
speculation speculation
novel novel
would would
feature feature
longawaited longawaited
invasion invasion
Westeros Westeros
army army
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
However However
ComicCon ComicCon
Martin Martin
said said
necessarily necessarily
title title
referring referring
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
originally originally
title title
second second
novel novel
sequence sequence
Martin Martin
still still
envisaged envisaged
series series
trilogy trilogy
early early
US US
editions edition
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
list list
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
forthcoming forthcoming
second second
volume volume
series series
also also
original original
planned planned
title title
fourth fourth
novel novel
Much Much
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
divided divided
UK UK
Mass Mass
Market Market
Paperback Paperback
editions edition
Steel Steel
Snow Snow
Blood Blood
Gold Gold
announced announced
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
would would
also also
published published
two two
volumes volume
named named
Dreams Dreams
Dust Dust
Feast Feast
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
set set
fictitious fictitious
world world
reminiscent reminiscent
medieval medieval
Europe Europe
primarily primarily
continent continent
called called
Westeros Westeros
except except
fact fact
world world
seasons season
last last
years year
occasionally occasionally
decades decade
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
picks pick
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
leaves leaf
runs run
simultaneously simultaneously
events event
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
War War
Five Five
Kings Kings
seems seems
winding winding
north north
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
installed installed
Wall Wall
vowed vowed
win win
support support
northmen northman
continue continue
struggle struggle
claim claim
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
although although
complicated complicated
fact fact
much much
west west
coast coast
occupation occupation
ironborn ironborn
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
elected elected
th th
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
enemies enemy
Watch Watch
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
taken taken
ship ship
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Pentos Pentos
eventual eventual
goals goal
unknown unknown
even even
Slavers Slavers
Bay Bay
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
conquered conquered
city city
Meereen Meereen
decided decided
stay stay
rule rule
city city
honing honing
skills skill
leadership leadership
needed needed
travels travel
Westeros Westeros
Daeneryss Daeneryss
presence presence
known known
many many
Westeros Westeros
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Dorne Dorne
Oldtown Oldtown
Free Free
Cities Cities
emissaries emissary
way way
find find
use use
cause cause
ends end
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
takes take
place place
year year
AC AC
partly partly
runs run
simultaneously simultaneously
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
continues continues
longer longer
year year
previous previous
book book
tale tale
told told
eyes eye
sixteen sixteen
POV POV
characters character
previous previous
volumes volume
oneoff oneoff
prologue prologue
epilogue epilogue
POV POV
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
beset beset
sides side
threats threat
danger danger
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
wants want
land land
waycastles waycastles
belonging belonging
Watch Watch
means mean
hand hand
fiefs fief
loyal loyal
supporters supporter
Others Others
continuing continuing
mass mass
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Mance Mance
Rayders Rayders
wildling wildling
host host
leaderless leaderless
smashed smashed
Stannis Stannis
events event
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
still still
numbers number
thousands thousand
Jon Jon
sees see
every every
wildling wildling
represents represents
another another
wight wight
Others Others
send send
Wall Wall
end end
takes take
great great
pains pain
court court
wildlings wildlings
winning winning
side side
uniting uniting
Watch Watch
common common
foe foe
however however
Jon Jon
loses loses
support support
many many
sworn sworn
brothers brother
Shortly Shortly
shepherding shepherding
large large
wilding wilding
host host
Wall Wall
stabbed stabbed
several several
members member
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
last last
chapter chapter
ending ending
falling falling
unconscious unconscious
Melisandre Melisandre
meanwhile meanwhile
burns burn
Rattleshirt Rattleshirt
disguised disguised
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
glamor glamor
Mance Mance
secretly secretly
lives life
disguised disguised
Rattleshirt Rattleshirt
Melisandre Melisandre
reveals reveals
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
grey grey
girl girl
dying dying
horse horse
interprets interprets
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
coming coming
kingsroad kingsroad
seek seek
asylum asylum
Jons Jons
permission permission
dispatches dispatch
Mance Mance
several several
spearwives spearwives
rescue rescue
girl girl
revealed revealed
actually actually
Alys Alys
Karstark Karstark
fleeing fleeing
manipulations manipulation
relatives relative
light light
fathers father
death death
taking taking
Jons Jons
advice advice
Stannis Stannis
able able
seize seize
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
allegiance allegiance
hill hill
folk folk
Karstarks Karstarks
Glovers Glovers
Mormonts Mormonts
half half
Umbers Umbers
moves move
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
taken taken
seat seat
ruins ruin
Winterfell Winterfell
half half
northern northern
bannermen bannermen
last last
report report
gloating gloating
letter letter
Ramsays Ramsays
handwriting handwriting
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
smashed smashed
king king
slain slain
Lord Lord
Davos Davos
Seaworth Seaworth
sent sent
treat treat
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
Lord Lord
White White
Harbor Harbor
hopes hope
bringing bringing
Stanniss Stanniss
cause cause
finds find
Mermans Mermans
Court Court
infested infested
Freys Freys
claims claim
Manderlys Manderlys
older older
son son
Wylis Wylis
slain slain
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
Wyman Wyman
yields yield
insistence insistence
Davos Davos
imprisoned imprisoned
However However
Davos Davos
continues continues
narrate narrate
long long
chronological chronological
moment moment
queen queen
received received
word word
death death
kept kept
genteel genteel
imprisonment imprisonment
Wolfs Wolfs
Den Den
eventually eventually
freed freed
Robett Robett
Glover Glover
joined joined
Lord Lord
Manderly Manderly
presenting presenting
friendly friendly
face face
Freys Freys
whilst whilst
secretly secretly
plotting plotting
downfall downfall
especially especially
Cersei Cersei
released released
Wendel Wendel
Wyman Wyman
introduces introduces
Davos Davos
ironborn ironborn
squire squire
Wex Wex
Pyke Pyke
formerly formerly
service service
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
survived survived
sack sack
Winterfell Winterfell
hiding hiding
tree tree
observed observed
six six
survivors survivor
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
Jojen Jojen
Meera Meera
Reed Reed
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
Osha Osha
Hodor Hodor
fleeing fleeing
ruins ruin
Davos Davos
commissioned commissioned
retrieve retrieve
Rickon Rickon
island island
Skagos Skagos
succeed succeed
House House
Manderly Manderly
vassals vassal
join join
Stanniss Stanniss
cause cause
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
lately lately
fled fled
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
unsuccessful unsuccessful
bid bid
kingsmoot kingsmoot
saw saw
uncle uncle
Euron Euron
crowned crowned
sleeps sleep
Qarl Qarl
Maid Maid
Deepwood Deepwood
Motte Motte
captured captured
Stanniss Stanniss
assault assault
Deepwood Deepwood
however however
taken taken
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
fierce fierce
blizzard blizzard
slows slows
progress progress
Stannis Stannis
halts halt
march march
crofters crofter
village village
Meanwhile Meanwhile
creature creature
known known
Reek Reek
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Ramsay Ramsay
tortured tortured
psychologically psychologically
abused abused
adopting adopting
new new
identity identity
released released
Ramsay Ramsay
convince convince
ironbornheld ironbornheld
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
surrender surrender
thus thus
allowing allowing
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
contingent contingent
Freys Freys
northerners northerner
escaped escaped
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
return return
home home
comes come
Ramsays Ramsays
new new
bride bride
girl girl
calling calling
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Recognizing Recognizing
Jeyne Jeyne
Poole Poole
daughter daughter
Winterfells Winterfells
former former
steward steward
Reek Reek
warns warns
adopt adopt
new new
identity identity
lest lest
Ramsay Ramsay
displeased displeased
bard bard
Abel Abel
washerwomen washerwoman
take take
interest interest
Reek Reek
unknown unknown
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
spearwives spearwives
disguise disguise
Several Several
Rooses Rooses
supporters supporter
mysteriously mysteriously
died died
Winterfell Winterfell
Theon Theon
begins begin
regain regain
identity identity
spearwives spearwives
help help
Theon Theon
smuggle smuggle
Jeyne Jeyne
castle castle
eventually eventually
pair pair
reach reach
Stanniss Stanniss
host host
narrative narrative
leaves leaf
Ramsays Ramsays
letter letter
Jon Jon
mentions mention
wants want
wife wife
Reek Reek
back back
suggesting suggesting
least least
able able
escape escape
slaughter slaughter
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
Queen Queen
Meereen Meereen
finds find
crown crown
lying lying
uneasy uneasy
head head
Though Though
rules rule
Meereen Meereen
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
pick pick
men men
socalled socalled
shadow shadow
war war
Many Many
Meereenese Meereenese
citizens citizen
resent resent
new new
order order
things thing
number number
cities city
eventually eventually
take take
arms arm
slave slave
trade trade
abolished abolished
one one
cornerstones cornerstone
economy economy
region region
idea idea
tame tame
dragons dragon
ranging ranging
far far
wide wide
eating eating
whatever whatever
feel feel
like like
including including
children child
Danerys Danerys
visited visited
Quaithe Quaithe
warns warns
others others
descending descending
Soon Soon
comes come
pale pale
mare mare
others others
Kraken Kraken
dark dark
flame flame
lion lion
griffin griffin
suns sun
son son
mummers mummer
dragon dragon
lion lion
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
lately lately
fled fled
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
accusations accusation
regicide regicide
kinslaying kinslaying
smuggled smuggled
Pentos Pentos
help help
Varys Varys
left left
care care
Illyrio Illyrio
Mopatis Mopatis
supporter supporter
Daenerys Daenerys
Tyrion Tyrion
decides decides
offer offer
services service
makes make
journey journey
company company
tall tall
taciturn taciturn
knight knight
Griff Griff
son son
Young Young
Griff Griff
Tyrion Tyrion
takes take
note note
care care
Young Young
Griff Griff
tutored tutored
well well
coloring coloring
deduces deduces
boy boy
actually actually
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
longbelieveddead longbelieveddead
son son
Prince Prince
Rhaegar Rhaegar
Targaryen Targaryen
Elia Elia
Dorne Dorne
father father
Griff Griff
actually actually
Lord Lord
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
Whilst Whilst
town town
Selhorys Selhorys
Tyrion Tyrion
waylaid waylaid
Penny Penny
dwarf dwarf
woman woman
hired hired
entertainment entertainment
King King
Joffrey Joffrey
Baratheons Baratheons
royal royal
wedding wedding
whose whose
brother brother
performing performing
partner partner
killed killed
Cerseis Cerseis
purge purge
Ser Ser
Jorah Jorah
Mormont Mormont
kidnaps kidnaps
prize prize
win win
way way
back back
Daeneryss Daeneryss
graces grace
Unfortunately Unfortunately
Selaesori Selaesori
Qhoran Qhoran
ship ship
Mormont Mormont
hires hire
take take
Volantis Volantis
waylaid waylaid
slavers slaver
Tyrion Tyrion
Penny Penny
sold sold
markets market
shadow shadow
Meereen Meereen
claiming claiming
entertainment entertainment
act act
Tyrion Tyrion
sneaks sneak
way way
camp camp
Second Second
Sons Sons
led led
Brown Brown
Ben Ben
Plumm Plumm
Tyrion Tyrion
pledges pledge
sword sword
another another
step step
getting getting
closer closer
Daenerys Daenerys
kraken kraken
Victarion Victarion
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Lord Lord
Captain Captain
Iron Iron
Fleet Fleet
sails sail
forces force
east east
towards towards
Meereen Meereen
Victarion Victarion
given given
possession possession
Eurons Eurons
dragonbinding dragonbinding
horn horn
also also
comes come
across across
red red
priest priest
Moqorro Moqorro
last last
seen seen
Tyrions Tyrions
ship ship
washed washed
overboard overboard
long long
slavers slaver
attacked attacked
Moqorro Moqorro
brings brings
Victarion Victarion
believe believe
Rhllor Rhllor
Lord Lord
Light Light
demonstrating demonstrating
power power
claims claim
know know
use use
dragon dragon
horn horn
safely safely
Victarions Victarions
men men
call call
priest priest
Black Black
Flame Flame
Moqorro Moqorro
proves prof
difficult difficult
pronounce pronounce
Prince Prince
Quentyn Quentyn
Martell Martell
eldest eldest
son son
Prince Prince
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Sunspear Sunspear
traveling traveling
east east
well well
parchment parchment
signed signed
Ser Ser
Willem Willem
Darry Darry
many many
years year
ago ago
establishing establishing
elder elder
sister sister
Arianne Arianne
Martell Martell
wed wed
Prince Prince
Viserys Viserys
Targaryen Targaryen
comes come
age age
Prince Prince
Dorans Dorans
wish wish
Quentyn Quentyn
Daenerys Daenerys
stand stand
place place
deceased deceased
elder elder
siblings sibling
matter matter
arrives arrives
late late
finding finding
Daenerys Daenerys
enter enter
political political
marriage marriage
Meereenese Meereenese
noble noble
Quentyn Quentyn
left left
bad bad
position position
new new
husband husband
tries try
poisoned poisoned
tactic tactic
notorious notorious
Quentyns Quentyns
uncle uncle
Oberyn Oberyn
Martell Martell
lastditch lastditch
effort effort
prove prove
worth worth
Quentyn Quentyn
visits visit
Danys Danys
two two
dragons dragon
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
attempts attempt
tame tame
dies dy
burns burn
three three
days day
later later
Jon Jon
Connington Connington
Prince Prince
Aegon Aegon
never never
arrive arrive
Meereen Meereen
hired hired
Golden Golden
Company Company
group group
sellswords sellswords
founded founded
Westerosi Westerosi
exiles exile
company company
Aegon Aegon
shows show
listened listened
Tyrions Tyrions
counsel counsel
time time
together together
despite despite
Tyrion Tyrion
admonishing admonishing
trust trust
one one
especially especially
suggests suggests
attacking attacking
Westeros Westeros
establishing establishing
beachhead beachhead
Daenerys Daenerys
later later
reinforce reinforce
Aegon Aegon
seeks seek
Daeneryss Daeneryss
hand hand
keenly keenly
aware aware
must must
something something
worthwhile worthwhile
offer offer
besides besides
bloodline bloodline
nephew nephew
first first
conquest conquest
landing landing
Golden Golden
Company Company
Griffins Griffins
Roost Roost
Conningtons Conningtons
former former
seat seat
relief relief
exiled exiled
lord lord
contracted contracted
terminal terminal
disease disease
greyscale greyscale
travels travel
main main
target target
Storms Storms
End End
siege siege
Aegon Aegon
proposes proposes
lead lead
Unlike Unlike
symbolism symbolism
Quaithes Quaithes
references reference
pale pale
mare mare
literal literal
horse horse
carrying carrying
refugee refugee
Astapor Astapor
brings brings
gift gift
plague plague
coincidence coincidence
contract contract
said said
riding riding
pale pale
mare mare
bloody bloody
flux flux
ravages ravage
Meereenese Meereenese
armies army
Yunkish Yunkish
slaves slave
sellsword sellsword
companies company
drawn drawn
attack attack
advent advent
allows allows
Tyrion Tyrion
Penny Penny
Jorah Jorah
escape escape
captivity captivity
amongst amongst
things thing
advice advice
councilors councilors
Daenerys Daenerys
marries marries
Hizdahr Hizdahr
zo zo
Loraq Loraq
leading leading
noble noble
able able
pacify pacify
Sons Sons
Harpy Harpy
broker broker
ceasefire ceasefire
Meereen Meereen
aggressors aggressor
include include
Volantis Volantis
Qarth Qarth
Yunkai Yunkai
however however
gives give
attraction attraction
Daario Daario
Naharis Naharis
ceremony ceremony
also also
locks lock
Viserion Viserion
Rhaegal Rhaegal
away away
keep keep
eating eating
anyone anyone
unable unable
capture capture
Drogon Drogon
escapes escape
wild wild
part part
wedding wedding
feast feast
Daenerys Daenerys
goes go
wishes wish
allows allows
fighting fighting
pits pit
Meereen Meereen
reopen reopen
present present
first first
pit pit
fighting fighting
games game
Drogon Drogon
drawn drawn
noise noise
chaos chaos
Daenerys Daenerys
leaps leap
Drogons Drogons
back back
two two
fly fly
away away
Daznaks Daznaks
Pit Pit
leaving leaving
Meereen Meereen
largely largely
hands hand
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
takes take
rulership rulership
narration narration
Barristan Barristan
becomes becomes
convinced convinced
Hizdahr Hizdahr
trying trying
poison poison
Daenerys Daenerys
sweetmeat sweetmeat
offered offered
turned turned
almost almost
kill kill
Strong Strong
Belwas Belwas
ate ate
instead instead
able able
organize organize
coup coup
Hizdahr Hizdahr
Barristans Barristans
attempts attempt
rebroker rebroker
peace peace
fail fail
war war
begins begin
earnest earnest
final final
chapter chapter
aside aside
epilogue epilogue
Daeneryss Daeneryss
attempts attempt
return return
foot foot
Meereen Meereen
hill hill
southern southern
reaches reach
Dothraki Dothraki
sea sea
Drogon Drogon
taken taken
haunt haunt
encountered encountered
khalasar khalasar
Khal Khal
Jhaqo Jhaqo
novel novel
ends end
chapters chapter
deal deal
fate fate
trainee trainee
House House
Black Black
White White
girl girl
formerly formerly
known known
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
currently currently
blind blind
revealed revealed
blindness blindness
yet yet
another another
step step
training training
maintained maintained
potion potion
given given
every every
night night
refuses refuse
antidote antidote
knowing knowing
yield yield
released released
training training
passing passing
blind blind
portion portion
regimen regimen
successfully successfully
orchestrating orchestrating
assassination assassination
hated hated
insurance insurance
agent agent
officially officially
advanced advanced
training training
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
Kingslayer Kingslayer
travels travel
Raventree Raventree
Hall Hall
seat seat
Lord Lord
Tytos Tytos
Blackwood Blackwood
rival rival
Lord Lord
Jonos Jonos
Bracken Bracken
commands command
siege siege
Raventree Raventree
Tytos Tytos
final final
bannerman bannerman
Robb Robb
Starks Starks
still still
arms arm
yields yield
presented presented
someone someone
surrender surrender
lifelong lifelong
feud feud
night night
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
arrives arrives
Jaimes Jaimes
campsite campsite
claiming claiming
found found
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
take take
ser ser
need need
come come
alone alone
Elsewise Elsewise
Hound Hound
kill kill
falsehood falsehood
revealed revealed
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Brienne Brienne
knows know
Arya Arya
last last
seen seen
alone alone
Saltpans Saltpans
Hound Hound
dead dead
buried buried
source source
trusts trust
motivation motivation
lie lie
yet yet
explained explained
Presumably Presumably
however however
given given
actions action
end end
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
leading leading
Lady Lady
Stoneheart Stoneheart
Areo Areo
Hotah Hotah
captain captain
guards guard
Doran Doran
Martell Martell
Prince Prince
Dorne Dorne
observes observes
goingson goingson
Sunspear Sunspear
Doran Doran
reveals reveals
late late
brother brother
Oberyns Oberyns
mistress mistress
Ellaria Ellaria
Sand Sand
Oberyns Oberyns
daughters daughter
Nymeria Nymeria
Tyene Tyene
Obara Obara
Sand Sand
convinced convinced
Princess Princess
Myrcella Myrcella
Baratheon Baratheon
lie lie
events event
Princess Princess
Arianne Arianne
Martells Martells
botched botched
queenmaking queenmaking
attempt attempt
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakheart Oakheart
slain slain
Myrcella Myrcella
injured injured
Ser Ser
Gerold Gerold
Dayne Dayne
called called
Darkstar Darkstar
Since Since
Myrcella Myrcella
lost lost
ear ear
begin begin
agreed agreed
claim claim
Darkstar Darkstar
slew slew
Arys Arys
well well
Doran Doran
also also
decided decided
deny deny
Queen Queen
Cersei Cersei
Lannisters Lannisters
request request
son son
Prince Prince
Trystane Trystane
return return
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Myrcella Myrcella
ambush ambush
planned planned
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannisters Lannisters
name name
would would
result result
Trystanes Trystanes
death death
Doran Doran
dispatches dispatch
Nym Nym
Tyene Tyene
instead instead
one one
take take
small small
council council
seat seat
join join
Great Great
Sept Sept
Baelor Baelor
thus thus
giving giving
eyes eye
ears ear
capital capital
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
Queen Queen
Regent Regent
continues continues
captivity captivity
Great Great
Sept Sept
period period
enforced enforced
sleeplessness sleeplessness
confesses confesses
High High
Septon Septon
charges charge
fornication fornication
incest incest
Lancel Lancel
though though
adultery adultery
slaying slaying
King King
Robert Robert
gains gain
right right
receive receive
visitors visitor
particularly particularly
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
reveals reveals
news news
Myrcellas Myrcellas
injury injury
Ser Ser
Arys Arys
Oakhearts Oakhearts
death death
Dorne Dorne
Cersei Cersei
relieved relieved
allows allows
name name
Qyburns Qyburns
silent silent
champion champion
Ser Ser
Robert Robert
Strong Strong
Kingsguard Kingsguard
Oakhearts Oakhearts
place place
giving giving
chance chance
win win
trial trial
combat combat
Eventually Eventually
released released
Red Red
Keep Keep
spend spend
time time
son son
trial trial
must must
walk walk
entire entire
way way
naked naked
suffering suffering
humiliation humiliation
smallfolk smallfolk
epilogue epilogue
closes close
novel novel
viewpoint viewpoint
Ser Ser
Kevan Kevan
Lannister Lannister
late late
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannisters Lannisters
staunchest staunchest
supporter supporter
current current
regent regent
light light
Cerseis Cerseis
judicial judicial
troubles trouble
supping supping
Cersei Cersei
King King
Tommen Tommen
noting noting
nieces niece
nowbroken nowbroken
spirit spirit
Kevan Kevan
called called
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelles Pycelles
quarters quarter
receive receive
white white
raven raven
Citadel Citadel
Oldtown Oldtown
traditional traditional
sign sign
winter winter
come come
Kevan Kevan
finds find
Pycelle Pycelle
dead dead
regent regent
assassinated assassinated
Varys Varys
threatening threatening
undo undo
queens queen
good good
work work
reconcile reconcile
Highgarden Highgarden
Casterly Casterly
Rock Rock
bind bind
Faith Faith
little little
king king
unite unite
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
Tommens Tommens
rule rule
Kevan Kevan
dead dead
Varys Varys
claims claim
way way
opened opened
Aegon Aegon
assume assume
throne throne
Martin Martin
offered offered
glimpses glimpse
book book
several several
times time
Published Published
website website
Published Published
promotionally promotionally
Bantam Bantam
Read Read
conventions convention
events event
perhaps perhaps
incompletely incompletely
fourth fourth
novel novel
series series
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
published published
missing missing
many many
key key
characters character
book book
gotten gotten
far far
large large
publish publish
one one
volume volume
Rather Rather
simply simply
split split
half half
publish publish
Part Part
Part Part
Martin Martin
decided decided
split split
book book
character character
location location
decision decision
apparently apparently
inspired inspired
conversation conversation
Martins Martins
friend friend
fellow fellow
writer writer
Daniel Daniel
Abraham Abraham
Thus Thus
characters character
south south
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
new new
locations location
Iron Iron
Islands Islands
Dorne Dorne
appeared appeared
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Characters Characters
North North
across across
sea sea
held held
back back
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Asha Asha
Greyjoy Greyjoy
appear appear
volumes volume
Approximately Approximately
onethird onethird
published published
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
consists consists
material material
written written
presplit presplit
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
although although
much much
rewritten rewritten
Martin Martin
Martin Martin
also also
promised promised
try try
include include
catchup catchup
chapters chapter
end end
novel novel
reveal reveal
happened happened
novels novel
characters character
cliffhanger cliffhanger
endings ending
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
Sansa Sansa
Stark Stark
Brienne Brienne
Tarth Tarth
Jaime Jaime
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
second second
form form
split split
occurred occurred
involving involving
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
book book
originally originally
published published
single single
volume volume
middle middle
starting starting
around around
March March
many many
English English
language language
editions edition
designed designed
two two
volumes volume
similar similar
decision decision
taken taken
Storm Storm
Swords Swords
first first
half half
split split
editions edition
subtitled subtitled
Dreams Dreams
Dust Dust
second second
half half
received received
subtitle subtitle
Feast Feast
supposedly supposedly
include include
chapters chapter
happen happen
chronologically chronologically
end end
Feast Feast
Crows Crows
page page
Arya Arya
passes pass
Cult Cult
Starry Starry
Wisdom Wisdom
organization organization
originated originated
H H
P P
Lovecrafts Lovecrafts
short short
story story
Haunter Haunter
Dark Dark
English English
language language
editions edition
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
published published
Random Random
House House
United United
States States
way way
division division
Bantam Bantam
Harper Harper
Voyager Voyager
United United
Kingdom Kingdom
book book
first first
published published
July July
hardcovers hardcover
Bantam Bantam
Harper Harper
Collins Collins
March March
first first
MMP MMP
Mass Mass
Market Market
Paperbacks Paperbacks
published published
editions edition
also also
exist exist
American American
MMP MMP
greatly greatly
expected expected
financial financial
considerations consideration
due due
promise promise
new new
sample sample
chapter chapter
Winds Winds
Winter Winter
page page
uses us
content content
English English
Wikipedia Wikipedia
original original
content content
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
list list
authors author
seen seen
page page
history history
Dance Dance
Dragons Dragons
Wiki Wiki
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
content content
Wikipedia Wikipedia
available available
Creative Creative
Commons Commons
AttributionShareAlike AttributionShareAlike
License License
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
religious religious
society society
assassins assassin
worship worship
ManyFaced ManyFaced
God God
god god
death death
based based
House House
Black Black
White White
Free Free
City City
Braavos Braavos
though though
claim claim
originated originated
Valyrian Valyrian
Freehold Freehold
phrase phrase
associated associated
cult cult
ManyFaced ManyFaced
God God
valar valar
morghulis morghulis
High High
Valyrian Valyrian
men men
must must
die die
traditional traditional
response response
valar valar
dohaeris dohaeris
men men
must must
serve serve
Followers Followers
Many Many
Faces Faces
consider consider
death death
part part
natural natural
order order
things thing
merciful merciful
end end
suffering suffering
According According
guild guild
god god
present present
many many
religions religion
different different
names name
claim claim
called called
Black Black
Goat Goat
Qohor Qohor
Lion Lion
Night Night
Yi Yi
Ti Ti
Stranger Stranger
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
guilds guild
House House
Black Black
White White
Braavos Braavos
large large
sanctuary sanctuary
contains contains
pool pool
black black
water water
idols idol
many many
death death
gods god
altars altar
candles candle
small small
alcoves alcove
along along
walls wall
contain contain
stone stone
beds bed
visiting visiting
worshippers worshipper
light light
candles candle
god god
drink drink
pool pool
using using
stone stone
cup cup
go go
lie lie
one one
alcoves alcove
religious religious
order order
refills refill
fountain fountain
poison poison
drinking drinking
fountain fountain
leads lead
painless painless
death death
sometimes sometimes
referred referred
gift gift
Many Many
Faced Faced
God God
alcoves alcove
called called
dreaming dreaming
couches couch
special special
candles candle
bring bring
visions vision
past past
sweet sweet
gentle gentle
death death
body body
found found
checked checked
see see
person person
completely completely
dead dead
serving serving
men men
take take
body body
vaults vault
acolytes acolyte
strip strip
wash wash
bodies body
taken taken
lower lower
sanctum sanctum
priests priest
may may
go go
Every Every
morning morning
dawn dawn
one one
priests priest
leads lead
acolytes acolyte
novices novice
prayer prayer
kneel kneel
around around
black black
pool pool
another another
prayer prayer
evening evening
formal formal
services service
songs song
paeans paean
god god
Sometimes Sometimes
worshipper worshipper
ask ask
speak speak
priest priest
meet meet
sanctum sanctum
priests priest
wear wear
cowled cowled
robes robe
black black
right right
side side
white white
left left
Acolytes Acolytes
robes robe
cowls cowl
black black
left left
side side
white white
right right
Novices Novices
wear wear
black black
white white
robe robe
black black
undertunic undertunic
Servants Servants
temple temple
wear wear
tunic tunic
undyed undyed
wool wool
baggy baggy
breeches breech
linen linen
smallclothes smallclothes
cloth cloth
slippers slipper
Blind Blind
acolytes acolyte
common common
House House
Black Black
White White
price price
guild guild
agree agree
kill kill
anyone anyone
known known
world world
considering considering
contract contract
sacrament sacrament
god god
price price
always always
high high
dear dear
within within
means mean
person person
willing willing
make make
sacrifice sacrifice
cost cost
services service
also also
depends depends
prominence prominence
security security
target target
elite elite
group group
followers follower
within within
House House
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
trained trained
perform perform
task task
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
women woman
Even Even
rarely rarely
would would
train train
child child
trained trained
use use
senses sens
root root
deception deception
create create
disguises disguise
seemingly seemingly
possessing possessing
magical magical
abilities ability
allow allow
change change
appearance appearance
Part Part
training training
includes includes
discarding discarding
true true
identity identity
nihilistic nihilistic
way way
thinking thinking
one one
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
convene convene
chamber chamber
House House
Black Black
White White
discuss discus
potential potential
assignments assignment
dole dole
contract contract
assassinations assassination
discuss discus
potential potential
deaths death
Braavosi Braavosi
language language
though though
may may
speak speak
High High
Valyrian Valyrian
Debates Debates
become become
heated heated
assassin assassin
accepts accepts
assignment assignment
unfamiliar unfamiliar
target target
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
use use
variety variety
methods method
kill kill
targets target
including including
poison poison
called called
strangler strangler
assassination assassination
technique technique
Faceless Faceless
Man Man
must must
haphazard haphazard
killing killing
intended intended
target target
one one
marked marked
chosen chosen
ManyFaced ManyFaced
God God
fee fee
precise precise
killing killing
often often
looking looking
like like
accident accident
rather rather
outright outright
murder murder
consider consider
best best
target target
never never
even even
notices notice
assassin assassin
novice novice
must must
perform perform
assassination assassination
correctly correctly
becoming becoming
acolyte acolyte
receiving receiving
first first
apprenticeship apprenticeship
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
cure cure
faces face
dead dead
come come
die die
sanctuary sanctuary
hanging hanging
skins skin
deep deep
vaults vault
temple temple
masks mask
use use
disguise disguise
assassination assassination
contracts contract
However However
simple simple
leather leather
masks mask
wearer wearer
drinks drink
tartflavored tartflavored
potion potion
face face
cut cut
causing causing
blood blood
stream stream
features feature
new new
face face
applied applied
moistened moistened
blood blood
becoming becoming
soft soft
supple supple
magic magic
causes cause
wearer wearer
look look
exactly exactly
like like
original original
persons person
appearance appearance
including including
broken broken
teeth teeth
injuries injury
Though Though
can can
not not
tell tell
difference difference
sensing sensing
face face
features feature
face face
first first
applied applied
wearer wearer
may may
experience experience
memories memory
dead dead
person person
may may
dream dream
memories memory
nightmares nightmare
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
also also
use use
sorcerous sorcerous
glamors glamor
mummers mummer
tricks trick
help help
disguises disguise
Clothing Clothing
taken taken
dead dead
stored stored
vaults vault
House House
found found
match match
disguise disguise
Faceless Faceless
Man Man
gives give
special special
iron iron
coin coin
man man
Braavos Braavos
says say
valar valar
morghulis morghulis
Braavosi Braavosi
obey obey
responding responding
valar valar
dohaeris dohaeris
society society
originated originated
volcanic volcanic
slave slave
mines mine
Valyria Valyria
prior prior
founding founding
Braavos Braavos
Doom Doom
Valyria Valyria
tale tale
beginnings beginning
centers center
around around
figure figure
unknown unknown
origins origin
first first
Faceless Faceless
Man Man
man man
heard heard
prayers prayer
slaves slave
various various
gods god
came came
conclude conclude
prayed prayed
god god
hundred hundred
different different
faces face
ManyFaced ManyFaced
God God
gods god
instrument instrument
led led
giving giving
first first
gift gift
desperate desperate
slave slave
Later Later
first first
Faceless Faceless
Man Man
discovered discovered
another another
slave slave
praying praying
fervently fervently
masters master
death death
granted granted
prayer prayer
exchange exchange
slave slave
joining joining
serving serving
ManyFaced ManyFaced
God God
first first
Faceless Faceless
Man Man
later later
brought brought
gift gift
Valyrian Valyrian
masters master
well well
scholars scholar
believe believe
cause cause
Doom Doom
Valyria Valyria
many many
assassinations assassination
mages mages
maintained maintained
spells spell
controlling controlling
Fourteen Fourteen
Flames Flames
Prince Prince
Harlan Harlan
Hoare Hoare
rumored rumored
killed killed
Faceless Faceless
Man Man
speculated speculated
letter letter
King King
Aegon Aegon
Targaryen Targaryen
received received
Prince Prince
Nymor Nymor
Martell Martell
Dorne Dorne
may may
contained contained
threat threat
hire hire
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
kill kill
Aegons Aegons
young young
son son
Aenys Aenys
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
known known
true true
names name
one one
either either
given given
false false
names name
described described
characteristics characteristic
small small
council council
meeting meeting
discussing discussing
King King
Robert Robert
Baratheons Baratheons
demand demand
Princess Princess
Daenerys Daenerys
Targaryen Targaryen
die die
Grand Grand
Maester Maester
Pycelle Pycelle
suggests suggests
hiring hiring
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
assassinate assassinate
master master
coin coin
Petyr Petyr
Baelish Baelish
says say
would would
expensive expensive
price price
hire hire
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
kill kill
merchant merchant
twice twice
hiring hiring
army army
sellswords sellswords
price price
kill kill
princess princess
would would
even even
higher higher
Varys Varys
master master
whisperers whisperer
instead instead
offer offer
lordship lordship
successful successful
assassin assassin
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
meets meet
Lorathi Lorathi
criminal criminal
calls call
Jaqen Jaqen
Hghar Hghar
traveling traveling
cage cage
way way
Wall Wall
two two
prisoners prisoner
black black
cells cell
Rorge Rorge
Biter Biter
saves save
burning burning
Gods Gods
Eye Eye
town town
return return
three three
lives life
saved saved
Jaqen Jaqen
promises promise
three three
deaths death
Per Per
wishes wish
assassinates assassinates
Chiswyck Chiswyck
Weese Weese
agrees agrees
help help
escape escape
Harrenhal Harrenhal
fall fall
Harrenhal Harrenhal
changes change
face face
completely completely
different different
appearance appearance
leaves leaf
castle castle
saying saying
duties duty
elsewhere elsewhere
goes go
gives give
Arya Arya
iron iron
coin coin
tells tell
wishes wish
find find
give give
coin coin
man man
Braavos Braavos
tell tell
valar valar
morghulis morghulis
Arya Arya
overhears overhears
ghost ghost
High High
Heart Heart
telling telling
brotherhood brotherhood
without without
banners banner
dreamt dreamt
man man
without without
face face
waiting waiting
bridge bridge
swayed swayed
swung swung
Balon Balon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
later later
reported reported
fallen fallen
death death
bridge bridge
Pyke Pyke
Arya Arya
finds find
Braavosi Braavosi
ship ship
Saltpans Saltpans
Titans Titans
Daughter Daughter
though though
can can
not not
afford afford
passage passage
remembers remembers
iron iron
coin coin
Jaqen Jaqen
given given
gives give
captain captain
iron iron
coin coin
says say
valar valar
morghulis morghulis
replies reply
valar valar
dohaeris dohaeris
respectfully respectfully
grants grant
cabin cabin
ship ship
Citadel Citadel
novice novice
Pate Pate
dies dy
Oldtown Oldtown
biting biting
coin coin
received received
alchemist alchemist
calls call
one one
whose whose
appearance appearance
matches match
one one
Jaqen Jaqen
Hghar Hghar
changed changed
toN toN
Later Later
Citadel Citadel
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
introduced introduced
novice novice
calling calling
Pate Pate
Arya Arya
travels travel
Braavos Braavos
Titans Titans
Daughter Daughter
whose whose
crew crew
treats treat
much much
respect respect
giving giving
gifts gift
asking asking
remember remember
names name
Braavos Braavos
comes come
House House
Black Black
White White
accepted accepted
servant servant
One One
priest priest
Arya Arya
calls call
kindly kindly
man man
kind kind
face face
seems seems
position position
authority authority
guild guild
one one
takes take
charge charge
Aryas Aryas
training training
Another Another
priestess priestess
Arya Arya
calls call
waif waif
works work
House House
Black Black
White White
handling handling
poisons poison
Though Though
thirtysix thirtysix
years year
old old
shrunken shrunken
childlike childlike
appearance appearance
brought brought
exposure exposure
poisons poison
Arya Arya
told told
must must
rid rid
possessions possession
made made
novice novice
taught taught
guilds guild
history history
well well
receiving receiving
lessons lesson
High High
Valyrian Valyrian
Braavosi Braavosi
tongue tongue
poisons poison
also also
learns learns
recognize recognize
lies lie
rule rule
face face
expressions expression
sent sent
learn learn
Braavosi Braavosi
immersion immersion
skill skill
becoming becoming
one one
becoming becoming
fishmongers fishmonger
assistant assistant
called called
Cat Cat
Canals Canals
every every
month month
new new
moon moon
returns return
House House
Black Black
White White
tell tell
learned learned
lessons lesson
guild guild
Arya Arya
kills kill
Dareon Dareon
deserter deserter
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
tells tell
kindly kindly
man man
given given
potion potion
milk milk
makes make
blind blind
Arya Arya
learns learns
blinded blinded
took took
ManyFaced ManyFaced
Gods Gods
powers power
judging judging
deserter deserter
killing killing
continues continues
work work
novice novice
House House
Black Black
White White
learning learning
use use
senses sens
sight sight
job job
includes includes
removing removing
clothes clothes
possessions possession
died died
temple temple
including including
identifying identifying
coins coin
touch touch
also also
disguised disguised
Beth Beth
blind blind
beggar beggar
streets street
Braavos Braavos
though though
avoids avoids
places place
known known
Cat Cat
beaten beaten
unknown unknown
person person
House House
several several
times time
identifies identifies
assailant assailant
kindly kindly
man man
sight sight
returned returned
means mean
another another
potion potion
Arya Arya
observes observes
meeting meeting
eleven eleven
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
sanctum sanctum
House House
Black Black
White White
discuss discus
potential potential
assassination assassination
contracts contract
given given
assignment assignment
kill kill
elderly elderly
ship ship
insurance insurance
salesman salesman
receiving receiving
first first
new new
face face
disfigured disfigured
ugly ugly
girl girl
successfully successfully
completing completing
assignment assignment
poisoning poisoning
coin coin
salesman salesman
bites bite
made made
acolyte acolyte
kindly kindly
man man
tells tell
given given
another another
new new
face face
pretty pretty
one one
time time
sent sent
Izembaro Izembaro
first first
apprenticeship apprenticeship
idea idea
costly costly
could could
hire hire
army army
common common
sellswords sellswords
half half
price price
thats thats
merchant merchant
dont dont
dare dare
think think
might might
ask ask
princessThe princessThe
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
expensive expensive
truth truth
told told
Targaryen Targaryen
girl girl
good good
talk talk
honor honor
Let Let
sellsword sellsword
drunk drunk
visions vision
lordship lordship
try try
kill kill
Likely Likely
hell hell
make make
botch botch
afterward afterward
Dothraki Dothraki
guard guard
wed wed
sent sent
Faceless Faceless
Man Man
shed shed
good good
buriedMy buriedMy
time time
done done
Jaqen Jaqen
passed passed
hand hand
face face
forehead forehead
chin chin
went went
changed changed
cheeks cheek
grew grew
fuller fuller
eyes eye
closer closer
nose nose
hooked hooked
scar scar
appeared appeared
right right
cheek cheek
scar scar
shook shook
head head
long long
straight straight
hair hair
half half
red red
half half
white white
dissolved dissolved
away away
reveal reveal
cap cap
tight tight
black black
curlsSometimes curlsSometimes
wished wished
gone gone
across across
narrow narrow
sea sea
Jaqen Jaqen
Hghar Hghar
still still
stupid stupid
coin coin
hed hed
given given
piece piece
iron iron
larger larger
penny penny
rusted rusted
along along
rim rim
One One
side side
writing writing
queer queer
words word
could could
read read
showed showed
mans man
head head
worn worn
features feature
rubbed rubbed
said said
great great
value value
probably probably
lie lie
like like
name name
even even
faceAre faceAre
god god
decide decide
live live
die die
give give
gift gift
marked marked
Many Many
Faces Faces
prayers prayer
sacrifice sacrifice
always always
beginning beginning
men men
must must
die die
deaths death
instruments instrument
death death
slew slew
singer singer
took took
gods god
powers power
kill kill
men men
presume presume
judge judge
themI themI
know know
man man
hear hear
priest priest
face face
plague plague
victim victim
say say
know know
man man
fat fat
fellow fellow
echoed echoed
pouring pouring
handsome handsome
man man
said said
give give
man man
gift gift
know know
Later Later
squinter squinter
said said
thing thing
someone someone
elseDeath elseDeath
holds hold
sweetness sweetness
house house
warriors warrior
soldiers soldier
swaggering swaggering
bravos bravo
puffed puffed
pride pride
kill kill
serve serve
lord lord
fatten fatten
purses purse
stroke stroke
vanity vanity
never never
give give
gift gift
please please
choose choose
ones one
kill kill
servants servant
God God
Many Many
FacesPlague FacesPlague
face face
pay pay
priceArya priceArya
Stark Stark
pricePlague pricePlague
face face
price price
price price
ever ever
hope hope
took took
eyes eye
gave gave
back back
Next Next
take take
ears ear
walk walk
silence silence
give give
us u
legs leg
crawl crawl
one one
’ ’
s s
daughter daughter
one one
’ ’
s s
wife wife
one one
’ ’
s s
mother mother
name name
lie lie
face face
wear wear
ownThe ownThe
Faceless Faceless
Men Men
dont dont
post post
list list
prices price
door door
way way
works work
go go
tell tell
want want
killed killed
negotiate negotiate
price price
prominent prominent
victim victim
difficult difficult
get get
dangerous dangerous
assassin assassin
guild guild
higher higher
price price
Wall Wall
massive massive
barrier barrier
mostly mostly
ice ice
stretching stretching
across across
northern northern
border border
Seven Seven
Kingdoms Kingdoms
separating separating
wild wild
lands land
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
one one
hundred hundred
leagues league
long long
three three
hundred hundred
miles mile
reaches reach
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
highest highest
point point
although although
foundation foundation
blocks block
hilly hilly
regions region
near near
Greyguard Greyguard
send send
nine nine
hundred hundred
feet foot
air air
One One
Lomas Lomas
Longstriders Longstriders
nine nine
Wonders Wonders
Made Made
Man Man
Wall Wall
defended defended
held held
Sworn Sworn
Brothers Brothers
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
patrol patrol
guard guard
nineteen nineteen
castles castle
Frostfangs Frostfangs
mountain mountain
range range
west west
Bay Bay
Seals Seals
east east
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
Castle Castle
Black Black
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
garrisoned garrisoned
start start
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
join join
Watch Watch
order order
avoid avoid
another another
punishment punishment
referred referred
sent sent
Wall Wall
Wall Wall
stretches stretch
three three
hundred hundred
miles mile
approximately approximately
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
tall tall
made made
solid solid
ice ice
stone stone
earth earth
seen seen
miles mile
round round
appears appears
grey grey
blue blue
depending depending
weather weather
time time
day day
top top
wide wide
enough enough
dozen dozen
mounted mounted
knights knight
ride ride
abreast abreast
thicker thicker
base base
top top
wider wider
man man
places place
kingsroad kingsroad
crushed crushed
stone stone
spread spread
walkways walkway
aid aid
footing footing
According According
myth myth
old old
spells spell
woven woven
Wall Wall
strengthen strengthen
keep keep
creatures creature
magical magical
nature nature
Others Others
passing passing
Wall Wall
straight straight
like like
sword sword
Castle Castle
Black Black
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
runs run
like like
snake snake
Castle Castle
Black Black
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
Led Led
Othell Othell
Yarwyck Yarwyck
First First
Builder Builder
builders builder
Watch Watch
monitor monitor
repair repair
Wall Wall
Windblown Windblown
dirt dirt
covers cover
Wall Wall
like like
film film
often often
appears appears
pale pale
grey grey
dull dull
white white
Wall Wall
shines shine
blue blue
crystalline crystalline
sunlight sunlight
glimmers glimmer
palely palely
moonlight moonlight
glows glow
pink pink
purple purple
dawn dawn
Wall Wall
sparkles sparkle
melting melting
ice ice
sunny sunny
days day
rivulets rivulet
water water
compared compared
weeping weeping
Tunnels Tunnels
cut cut
Wall Wall
castle castle
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
sealed sealed
ice ice
stone stone
wherever wherever
castles castle
abandoned abandoned
times time
danger danger
Cells Cells
chiseled chiseled
ice ice
foot foot
Wall Wall
used used
storerooms storeroom
prisons prison
Benjen Benjen
Stark Stark
First First
Ranger Ranger
believes belief
Wall Wall
largest largest
structure structure
built built
man man
others others
say say
Hightower Hightower
Oldtown Oldtown
even even
taller taller
Wall Wall
allegedly allegedly
seen seen
towers tower
top top
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
raised raised
nineteen nineteen
castles castle
guard guard
hundred hundred
leagues league
Wall Wall
although although
never never
manned manned
seventeen seventeen
one one
time time
last last
three three
hundred hundred
years year
manpower manpower
Watch Watch
dropped dropped
castles castle
abandoned abandoned
Old Old
Nan Nan
refers refers
ghost ghost
castles castle
three three
castles castle
currently currently
remain remain
use use
though though
sometimes sometimes
larger larger
force force
sent sent
one one
abandoned abandoned
castles castle
fortnight fortnight
moons moon
turn turn
manned manned
castles castle
Castle Castle
Black Black
largestmaintained largestmaintained
castle castle
located located
northern northern
end end
kingsroad kingsroad
held held
nearly nearly
six six
hundred hundred
Brothers Brothers
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
westernmost westernmost
occupied occupied
castles castle
garrisoned garrisoned
two two
hundred hundred
men men
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
port port
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
smallest smallest
garrison garrison
located located
eastern eastern
end end
Wall Wall
nineteen nineteen
castles castle
Wall Wall
listed listed
west west
east east
builders builder
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
permit permit
forest forest
come come
closer closer
half half
mile mile
Wall Wall
However However
time time
forest forest
crept crept
back back
closer closer
abandoned abandoned
castles castle
Rangers Rangers
patrol patrol
lands land
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
top top
wall wall
studded studded
catapults catapult
cranes crane
trebuchets trebuchet
immobile immobile
Additionally Additionally
catapults catapult
trebuchets trebuchet
dismantled dismantled
repair repair
never never
reassembled reassembled
frozen frozen
ice ice
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
reach reach
top top
Wall Wall
southern southern
side side
via via
ramps ramp
earth earth
gravel gravel
winchdrawn winchdrawn
cages cage
steps step
ice ice
stone stone
wood wood
twisting twisting
tunnel tunnel
Wall Wall
Castle Castle
Black Black
secured secured
thick thick
oaken oaken
door door
three three
grates grate
heavy heavy
iron iron
bars bar
massive massive
chains chain
must must
unlocked unlocked
murder murder
holes hole
gate gate
Nightfort Nightfort
iron iron
portcullis portcullis
tunnels tunnel
sealed sealed
except except
Castle Castle
Black Black
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
Shadow Shadow
Tower Tower
however however
galleys galley
Eastwatch Eastwatch
patrol patrol
Bay Bay
Seals Seals
part part
catch catch
smugglers smuggler
bypass bypass
Wall Wall
sea sea
trade trade
weapons weapon
wildlings wildlings
west west
southern southern
Frostfangs Frostfangs
Gorge Gorge
make make
terrain terrain
impassable impassable
small small
groups group
raiders raider
Wall Wall
provides provides
tremendous tremendous
tactical tactical
advantage advantage
defenders defender
enabling enabling
small small
group group
hold hold
much much
larger larger
force force
Defenders Defenders
generally generally
beyond beyond
range range
bow bow
shot shot
catapult catapult
turn turn
rely rely
archery archery
catapult catapult
dropped dropped
objects object
deter deter
assault assault
particular particular
barrels barrel
containing containing
rocks rock
frozen frozen
ice ice
effective effective
dispersing dispersing
mass mass
charge charge
Attackers Attackers
must must
rely rely
one one
two two
tactics tactic
direct direct
assault assault
one one
welldefended welldefended
gates gate
scaling scaling
Wall Wall
small small
groups group
attacking attacking
gate gate
rear rear
gates gate
designed designed
features feature
murder murder
holes hole
limited limited
access access
make make
difficult difficult
force force
extreme extreme
case case
gates gate
filled filled
rock rock
ice ice
thus thus
becoming becoming
impervious impervious
part part
wall wall
Scaling Scaling
Wall Wall
involves involves
similar similar
difficulties difficulty
Wildlings Wildlings
climb climb
northern northern
side side
Wall Wall
hempen hempen
rope rope
stone stone
hammers hammer
ice ice
axes ax
spiked spiked
boots boot
team team
determined determined
climbers climber
reach reach
top top
undetected undetected
defenders defender
easily easily
knock knock
dropped dropped
objects object
archery archery
Wall Wall
thought thought
defend defend
disgorging disgorging
sheets sheet
ice ice
Wall Wall
made made
defend defend
realms realm
First First
Men Men
men men
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
reportedly reportedly
defended defended
Wall Wall
Others Others
monsters monster
eight eight
thousand thousand
years year
since since
end end
Long Long
Night Night
According According
legend legend
Wall Wall
built built
Brandon Brandon
Builder Builder
assistance assistance
children child
forest forest
giants giant
protected protected
ancient ancient
spells spell
sorcery sorcery
Supposedly Supposedly
Brandon Brandon
placed placed
foundations foundation
along along
heights height
wherever wherever
possible possible
Also Also
according according
legend legend
Wall Wall
vulnerable vulnerable
Horn Horn
Joramun Joramun
Maesters Maesters
dispute dispute
base base
Wall Wall
made made
stone stone
generally generally
believe believe
builders builder
Watch Watch
used used
sledges sledge
transport transport
ice ice
cut cut
frozen frozen
lakes lake
haunted haunted
forest forest
However However
severelyreduced severelyreduced
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
present present
time time
limited limited
maintenance maintenance
duty duty
KingsBeyondtheWall KingsBeyondtheWall
led led
hosts host
free free
folk folk
south south
broken broken
Wall Wall
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
managed managed
evade evade
Watch Watch
pass pas
south south
House House
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
King King
Jaehaerys Jaehaerys
Targaryen Targaryen
visited visited
Winterfell Winterfell
Queen Queen
Alysanne Alysanne
Targaryen Targaryen
flew flew
Silverwing Silverwing
visit visit
Wall Wall
dragons dragon
refusal refusal
cross cross
Wall Wall
puzzled puzzled
disturbed disturbed
queen queen
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
joins join
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Tyrion Tyrion
Lannister Lannister
accompanies accompanies
north north
see see
Wall Wall
Tyrion Tyrion
spends spends
several several
weeks week
riding riding
Wall Wall
conversing conversing
officers officer
taking taking
winch winch
cage cage
top top
Tyrion Tyrion
walks walk
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
drawn drawn
night night
guard guard
youths youth
direwolf direwolf
Ghost Ghost
Samwell Samwell
Tarly Tarly
afraid afraid
taking taking
cage cage
top top
nightmare nightmare
crypt crypt
Winterfell Winterfell
Jon Jon
climbs climb
Wall Wall
walks walk
sunrise sunrise
Heading Heading
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
Sam Sam
participate participate
great great
ranging ranging
led led
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Jeor Jeor
Mormont Mormont
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
KingBeyondtheWall KingBeyondtheWall
free free
folk folk
search search
Frostfangs Frostfangs
Milkwater Milkwater
Horn Horn
Winter Winter
allegedly allegedly
bring bring
Wall Wall
Feigning Feigning
allegiance allegiance
wildling wildling
cause cause
Jon Jon
climbs climb
Wall Wall
group group
wildlings wildlings
Sheets Sheets
ice ice
break break
leading leading
death death
Jarl Jarl
descend descend
Wall Wall
Greyguard Greyguard
mutiny mutiny
Crasters Crasters
Keep Keep
Samwell Samwell
Gilly Gilly
flee flee
south south
pass pas
Wall Wall
via via
Black Black
Gate Gate
Nightfort Nightfort
Sam Sam
informs informs
Bran Bran
Stark Stark
companions companion
pass pas
north north
Wall Wall
Mance Mance
sends sends
chiefs chief
captains captain
attack attack
various various
places place
along along
Wall Wall
spreading spreading
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
thin thin
Styr Styr
leads lead
attack attack
Castle Castle
Black Black
defense defense
led led
Jon Jon
Donal Donal
Noye Noye
Mances Mances
wildling wildling
host host
attacks attack
Wall Wall
north north
giants giant
mammoths mammoth
Jon Jon
takes take
command command
defense defense
Donals Donals
death death
parley parley
Mance Mance
displays display
giant giant
horn horn
Jon Jon
reluctant reluctant
use use
hopes hope
lead lead
free free
folk folk
Wall Wall
seek seek
refuge refuge
Others Others
wildlings wildlings
defeated defeated
King King
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Watch Watch
battle battle
beneath beneath
Wall Wall
Following Following
battle battle
Jon Jon
Melisandre Melisandre
ascend ascend
Wall Wall
meet meet
Stannis Stannis
offers offer
name name
Jon Jon
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
Jon Jon
declines decline
however however
ends end
chosen chosen
th th
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Free Free
folk folk
submit submit
Stannis Stannis
allowed allowed
pass pas
Wall Wall
Bowen Bowen
Marsh Marsh
objects object
preferring preferring
instead instead
seal seal
gates gate
free free
folk folk
accept accept
Jons Jons
offer offer
help help
man man
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
sends sends
Val Val
find find
Tormund Tormund
Giantsbane Giantsbane
haunted haunted
forest forest
Tormund Tormund
eventually eventually
agrees agrees
pass pas
Wall Wall
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Snow Snow
puts put
plans plan
motion motion
man man
castles castle
include include
Builders Builders
begin begin
construction construction
new new
switchback switchback
stair stair
replace replace
ruined ruined
one one
Castle Castle
Black Black
Jon Jon
intends intends
series series
beacon beacon
towers tower
built built
atop atop
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
decides decides
hang hang
Janos Janos
Slynt Slynt
Wall Wall
insubordination insubordination
changes change
mind mind
instead instead
beheads beheads
Janos Janos
Longclaw Longclaw
Melisandre Melisandre
thinks think
stronger stronger
ever ever
Wall Wall
burns burn
claimed claimed
Horn Horn
Winter Winter
Tormund Tormund
later later
explains explains
Jon Jon
Mance Mance
never never
found found
horn horn
could could
bring bring
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
nightmare nightmare
defending defending
top top
Wall Wall
dead dead
including including
wildlings wildlings
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
half half
brother brother
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
eventually eventually
betrayed betrayed
mutiny mutiny
Castle Castle
Black Black
According According
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
inspiration inspiration
Wall Wall
came came
Hadrians Hadrians
Wall Wall
could could
see see
miles mile
pale pale
blue blue
line line
across across
northern northern
horizon horizon
stretching stretching
away away
east east
west west
vanishing vanishing
far far
distance distance
immense immense
unbroken unbroken
end end
world world
seemed seemed
sayAlmost sayAlmost
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
high high
stood stood
three three
times time
height height
tallest tallest
tower tower
stronghold stronghold
sheltered sheltered
uncle uncle
said said
top top
wide wide
enough enough
dozen dozen
armored armored
knights knight
ride ride
abreast abreast
gaunt gaunt
outlines outline
huge huge
catapults catapult
monstrous monstrous
wooden wooden
cranes crane
stood stood
sentry sentry
like like
skeletons skeleton
great great
birds bird
among among
walked walked
men men
black black
small small
antsJon antsJon
hate hate
coldDonal coldDonal
Yes Yes
Cold Cold
hard hard
mean mean
thats thats
Wall Wall
men men
walk walk
like like
stories story
wet wet
nurse nurse
told told
Well Well
piss piss
stories story
piss piss
wet wet
nurse nurse
way way
youre youre
life life
rest rest
usHe usHe
looked looked
east east
west west
Wall Wall
stretching stretching
vast vast
white white
road road
beginning beginning
end end
dark dark
abyss abyss
either either
sideSometimes sideSometimes
seemed seemed
Jon Jon
almost almost
living living
thing thing
moods mood
color color
ice ice
wont wont
change change
every every
shift shift
light light
deep deep
blue blue
frozen frozen
rivers river
dirty dirty
white white
old old
snow snow
cloud cloud
passed passed
sun sun
darkened darkened
pale pale
grey grey
pitted pitted
stone stone
Wall Wall
stretched stretched
east east
west west
far far
eye eye
could could
see see
huge huge
shrunk shrunk
timbered timbered
keeps keep
stone stone
towers tower
castle castle
insignificance insignificance
end end
worldIf worldIf
Wall Wall
ever ever
fall fall
fires fire
go go
outThe outThe
Wall Wall
stop stop
army army
man man
aloneAnd aloneAnd
theyve theyve
built built
great great
wall wall
valleys valley
fished fished
fish fish
rillsYgritte rillsYgritte
hate hate
Wall Wall
feel feel
cold cold
isJon isJon
made made
iceYgritte iceYgritte
know know
nothing nothing
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
wall wall
made made
bloodThe bloodThe
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
forgotten forgotten
true true
purpose purpose
Tarly Tarly
dont dont
build build
wall wall
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
high high
keep keep
savages savage
skins skin
stealing stealing
women woman
Wall Wall
made made
guard guard
realms realm
men men
men men
wildlings wildlings
come come
right right
many many
years year
Tarly Tarly
many many
hundreds hundred
thousands thousand
years year
lost lost
sight sight
true true
enemyMance enemyMance
Raymun Raymun
Redbeard Redbeard
Bael Bael
Bard Bard
Gendel Gendel
Gorne Gorne
Horned Horned
Lord Lord
came came
south south
conquer conquer
Ive Ive
come come
tail tail
legs leg
hide hide
behind behind
Wall Wall
sound sound
Horn Horn
Winter Winter
Wall Wall
fall fall
songs song
would would
believe believe
among among
people people
want want
nothing nothing
Dalla Dalla
Wall Wall
fallen fallen
stop stop
OthersI OthersI
dreamed dreamed
Wall Wall
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Great Great
lore lore
raised raised
great great
spells spell
locked locked
beneath beneath
ice ice
walk walk
beneath beneath
one one
hinges hinge
worldJon worldJon
Snow Snow
glanced glanced
Wall Wall
towering towering
like like
cliff cliff
ice ice
hundred hundred
leagues league
end end
end end
seven seven
hundred hundred
feet foot
high high
strength strength
Wall Wall
height height
length length
Wall Wall
weakness weakness
Jon Jon
remembered remembered
something something
father father
said said
wall wall
strong strong
men men
stand stand
behind behind
men men
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
brave brave
enough enough
far far
task task
confronted confronted
themWinter themWinter
coming coming
white white
walkers walker
Wall Wall
stop stop
Wall Wall
made made
stop stop
Wall Wall
must must
manned manned
Giants Giants
Stair Stair
one one
ways way
enter enter
Frostfangs Frostfangs
Giants Giants
Stair Stair
considered considered
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
possible possible
place place
Frostfangs Frostfangs
look look
wildlings wildlings
Jarmen Jarmen
Buckwell Buckwell
leads lead
expedition expedition
scout scout
Bay Bay
Seals Seals
bay bay
North North
extends extends
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
shores shore
fall fall
domain domain
House House
Umber Umber
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
castle castle
astride astride
EastwatchbytheSea EastwatchbytheSea
isle isle
Skagos Skagos
situated situated
Wildlings Wildlings
little little
boats boat
cross cross
Bay Bay
Seals Seals
wash wash
Umber Umber
lands land
causing causing
Hother Hother
Umber Umber
demand demand
fleet fleet
built built
stop stop
article article
content content
invented invented
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Telltale Telltale
Games Games
Series Series
graphic graphic
adventure adventure
video video
game game
developed developed
Telltale Telltale
Games Games
Although Although
licensed licensed
derivative derivative
work work
based based
upon upon
HBOs HBOs
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
television television
adaptation adaptation
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
written written
creators creator
TV TV
showThe showThe
material material
page page
considered considered
canonical canonical
TV TV
show show
novels novel
provided provided
informational informational
purposes purpose
onlyHouse onlyHouse
Whitehill Whitehill
noble noble
house house
north north
According According
semicanon semicanon
sources source
blazon blazon
arms arm
white white
pile pile
inverted inverted
indigo indigo
arch arch
pointed pointed
stars star
one one
northern northern
families family
follow follow
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
instead instead
old old
gods god
known known
members member
yet yet
appears appears
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
bitter bitter
rivals rival
House House
Forrester Forrester
disputes dispute
involving involving
ironwood ironwood
Semicanon Semicanon
sources source
consider consider
sworn sworn
House House
Stark Stark
following following
members member
House House
Whitehill Whitehill
appear appear
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Telltale Telltale
Games Games
Series Series
Lord Lord
Ludd Ludd
Whitehill Whitehill
voiced voiced
Geoff Geoff
Leesley Leesley
head head
House House
Whitehill Whitehill
Lord Lord
Highpoint Highpoint
five five
children child
Karl Karl
Ebbert Ebbert
Torrhen Torrhen
Gwyn Gwyn
Gryff Gryff
one one
main main
antagonists antagonist
game game
animosity animosity
towards towards
members member
House House
Forrester Forrester
Karl Karl
Whitehill Whitehill
firstborn firstborn
son son
Lord Lord
Ludd Ludd
Whitehill Whitehill
never never
kind kind
youngest youngest
brother brother
Gryff Gryff
eventually eventually
contracted contracted
greyscale greyscale
died died
Rodrik Rodrik
Forrester Forrester
later later
sees see
likeness likeness
Karl Karl
Whitehill Whitehill
faily faily
tapestry tapestry
Ebbert Ebbert
Whitehill Whitehill
secondborn secondborn
son son
Lord Lord
Ludd Ludd
Whitehill Whitehill
studying studying
Citadel Citadel
become become
maester maester
never never
kind kind
youngest youngest
brother brother
Gryff Gryff
Ebbert Ebbert
appeared appeared
game game
except except
Whitehill Whitehill
family family
tapestry tapestry
likeness likeness
depicted depicted
seen seen
Rodrik Rodrik
Forrester Forrester
Torrhen Torrhen
Whitehill Whitehill
thirdborn thirdborn
son son
Lord Lord
Ludd Ludd
Whitehill Whitehill
current current
heir heir
Torrhen Torrhen
currently currently
serving serving
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
never never
kind kind
youngest youngest
brother brother
Gryff Gryff
Torrhen Torrhen
appeared appeared
game game
except except
Whitehill Whitehill
family family
tapestry tapestry
likeness likeness
depicted depicted
seen seen
Rodrik Rodrik
Forrester Forrester
Gwyn Gwyn
Whitehill Whitehill
fourth fourth
child child
first first
daughter daughter
Lord Lord
Ludd Ludd
Whitehill Whitehill
voiced voiced
Laura Laura
Bailey Bailey
Asher Asher
Forrester Forrester
fell fell
love love
causing causing
bloodshed bloodshed
houses house
result result
Asher Asher
exiled exiled
Essos Essos
Gryff Gryff
Whitehill Whitehill
voiced voiced
Sacha Sacha
Dhawan Dhawan
fourthborn fourthborn
son son
fifth fifth
child child
Lord Lord
Ludd Ludd
Whitehill Whitehill
one one
main main
antagonists antagonist
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Telltale Telltale
Games Games
Series Series
animosity animosity
towards towards
members member
House House
Forrester Forrester
Highpoint Highpoint
seat seat
House House
Whitehill Whitehill
north north
Game Game
Thrones Thrones
Telltale Telltale
Games Games
Series Series
graphic graphic
adventure adventure
game game
located located
hills hill
northern northern
wolfswood wolfswood
northern northern
mountains mountain
north north
Winterfell Winterfell
House House
Bolton Bolton
Dreadfort Dreadfort
noble noble
house house
Dreadfort Dreadfort
north north
old old
line line
descended descended
First First
Men Men
dating dating
back back
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
Boltons Boltons
known known
practice practice
flaying flaying
enemies enemy
Bolton Bolton
sigil sigil
red red
flayed flayed
man man
pale pale
pink pink
spotted spotted
red red
blood blood
drops drop
According According
George George
R R
R R
Martin Martin
words word
blades blade
sharp sharp
According According
Bolton Bolton
servant servant
Reek Reek
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
believes belief
naked naked
man man
secrets secret
flayed flayed
man man
none none
Boltons Boltons
ancient ancient
powerful powerful
house house
north north
ruled ruled
Red Red
Kings Kings
Dreadfort Dreadfort
land land
reached reached
Last Last
River River
White White
Knife Knife
Sheepshead Sheepshead
Hills Hills
suggested suggested
legendary legendary
Nights Nights
King King
Bolton Bolton
Since Since
Long Long
Night Night
Red Red
Kings Kings
bitter bitter
rivals rival
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
Starks Starks
Winterfell Winterfell
Boltons Boltons
achieved achieved
successes success
Starks Starks
Kings Kings
Royce Royce
II II
Royce Royce
IV IV
burning burning
Winterfell Winterfell
Boltons Boltons
said said
flayed flayed
skins skin
several several
Stark Stark
lords lord
hung hung
Dreadfort Dreadfort
According According
rumor rumor
Bolton Bolton
lords lord
wore wore
flayed flayed
skins skin
enemies enemy
including including
Starks Starks
son son
Bael Bael
cloaks cloak
practice practice
given given
Boltons Boltons
sinister sinister
reputation reputation
last last
Red Red
King King
Rogar Rogar
Huntsman Huntsman
submitted submitted
Winterfell Winterfell
Andal Andal
invasion invasion
Westeros Westeros
also also
beginning beginning
King King
Theon Theon
Stark Stark
Hungry Hungry
Wolf Wolf
Boltons Boltons
defeated defeated
Argos Argos
Sevenstar Sevenstar
Andals Andals
Battle Battle
Weeping Weeping
Water Water
Thousands Thousands
years year
agoN agoN
Dreadfort Dreadfort
rose rose
unsuccessful unsuccessful
rebellion rebellion
Greystarks Greystarks
Wolfs Wolfs
Den Den
Starks Starks
Boltons Boltons
survived survived
rebellion rebellion
although although
Greystarks Greystarks
Chronicles Chronicles
Longsister Longsister
state state
Rape Rape
Three Three
Sisters Sisters
Kings Kings
Winter Winter
occurred occurred
two two
thousand thousand
years year
ago ago
Belthasar Belthasar
Bolton Bolton
Pink Pink
Pavilion Pavilion
made made
flayed flayed
skins skin
hundred hundred
Sistermen Sistermen
Boltons Boltons
threatened threatened
Winterfell Winterfell
reign reign
King King
Edrick Edrick
Snowbeard Snowbeard
point point
unspecified unspecified
centuries century
ago ago
Boltons Boltons
rebelled rebelled
Starks Starks
Stark Stark
armies army
besieged besieged
Dreadfort Dreadfort
two two
years year
Boltons Boltons
capitulated capitulated
King King
Harlon Harlon
Stark Stark
dipped dipped
banners banner
thousand thousand
years year
agoN agoN
Boltons Boltons
bent bent
knees knee
Winterfell Winterfell
agreed agreed
abandon abandon
practice practice
flaying flaying
enemies enemy
many many
centuries century
Boltons Boltons
remained remained
loyal loyal
Starks Starks
although although
rumors rumor
persist persist
continue continue
flay flay
prisoners prisoner
secret secret
maintain maintain
hidden hidden
chamber chamber
Dreadfort Dreadfort
display display
skins skin
enemies enemy
Barba Barba
Bolton Bolton
attended attended
Maidens Maidens
Day Day
Cattle Cattle
Show Show
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
King King
Aegon Aegon
III III
Targaryen Targaryen
chose chose
wed wed
Daenaera Daenaera
Velaryon Velaryon
instead instead
Barba Barba
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
called called
banners banner
north north
fight fight
Roberts Roberts
Rebellion Rebellion
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
took took
arms arm
fighting fighting
Battle Battle
Trident Trident
Afterward Afterward
counseled counseled
Lord Lord
Robert Robert
Baratheon Baratheon
slash slash
throat throat
legendary legendary
Kingsguard Kingsguard
knight knight
Ser Ser
Barristan Barristan
Selmy Selmy
Robert Robert
instead instead
sent sent
maesters maesters
treat treat
wounds wound
Barristan Barristan
Bold Bold
arrest arrest
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
Stark Stark
Warden Warden
North North
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
Lord Lord
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
responds responds
Robb Robb
Starks Starks
calling calling
banners banner
Winterfell Winterfell
Bolton Bolton
man man
knifes knife
Cerywn Cerywn
man man
Smoking Smoking
Log Log
winter winter
town town
outside outside
castle castle
Roose Roose
Robett Robett
Glover Glover
demand demand
command command
northern northern
host host
splits split
Twins Twins
Roose Roose
receives receives
wish wish
commanding commanding
army army
mostly mostly
infantry infantry
engage engage
Lord Lord
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
Forcing Forcing
march march
Roose Roose
hopes hope
catch catch
Tywin Tywin
unawares unawares
forced forced
retreat retreat
battle battle
Green Green
Fork Fork
reforms reform
army army
mouth mouth
causeway causeway
Robb Robb
able able
relieve relieve
Riverrun Riverrun
proclaimed proclaimed
King King
North North
Encamped Encamped
Twins Twins
Roose Roose
marries marries
Walda Walda
Frey Frey
takes take
ruby ruby
ford ford
crossroads crossroad
riverlands riverlands
Following Following
orders order
Ser Ser
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
Roose Roose
Ser Ser
Helman Helman
Tallhart Tallhart
march march
Harrenhal Harrenhal
Bolton Bolton
able able
seize seize
fortress fortress
making making
deal deal
Brave Brave
Companions Companions
sellsword sellsword
company company
within within
indirectly indirectly
aided aided
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
Jaqen Jaqen
Hghar Hghar
Harrenhal Harrenhal
Roose Roose
unwittingly unwittingly
takes take
incognito incognito
Arya Arya
cupbearer cupbearer
Freys Freys
Ser Ser
Aenys Aenys
learn learn
House House
Greyjoys Greyjoys
ironborn ironborn
taking taking
much much
north north
LannisterTyrell LannisterTyrell
victory victory
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Battle Battle
Blackwater Blackwater
Roose Roose
orders order
Helman Helman
first first
burn burn
Darry Darry
join join
Robett Robett
Glover Glover
attacking attacking
Duskendale Duskendale
Robbs Robbs
name name
Meanwhile Meanwhile
Rooses Rooses
bastard bastard
son son
Ramsay Ramsay
Snow Snow
marries marries
kills kill
Lady Lady
Donella Donella
Hornwood Hornwood
taking taking
Hornwood Hornwood
lands land
Bolton Bolton
men men
battle battle
Manderly Manderly
knights knight
Hornwood Hornwood
forests forest
Ramsay Ramsay
leads lead
Dreadfort Dreadfort
men men
betraying betraying
northmen northman
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
Cassel Cassel
burning burning
Winterfell Winterfell
capturing capturing
slaughtering slaughtering
within within
aftermath aftermath
sack sack
Winterfell Winterfell
Bolton Bolton
men men
search search
kingsroad kingsroad
north north
missing missing
Bran Bran
Rickon Rickon
Stark Stark
northern northern
army army
sent sent
Roose Roose
crownlands crownlands
crushed crushed
battle battle
Duskendale Duskendale
Ser Ser
Jaime Jaime
Lannister Lannister
captured captured
Brave Brave
Companions Companions
Roose Roose
allows allows
go go
way way
agrees agrees
place place
blame blame
loss loss
hand hand
Brave Brave
Companions Companions
Roose Roose
sends sends
captain captain
Steelshanks Steelshanks
Walton Walton
men men
secure secure
Jaimes Jaimes
passage passage
day day
Jaime Jaime
leaves leaf
Harrenhal Harrenhal
Roose Roose
rides ride
north north
attend attend
wedding wedding
Edmure Edmure
Tully Tully
Lord Lord
Riverrun Riverrun
Roslin Roslin
Frey Frey
Twins Twins
watches watch
rearguard rearguard
Ser Ser
Wylis Wylis
Manderly Manderly
chewed chewed
Ser Ser
Gregor Gregor
Clegane Clegane
fighting fighting
fords ford
Trident Trident
leaves leaf
six six
hundred hundred
men men
command command
Ser Ser
Kyle Kyle
Condon Condon
Ronnel Ronnel
Stout Stout
guard guard
Trident Trident
Roose Roose
arrives arrives
Twins Twins
three three
thousand thousand
foot foot
five five
hundred hundred
horse horse
Bolton Bolton
Karstark Karstark
men men
Robb Robb
Stark Stark
King King
North North
intends intends
Roose Roose
command command
rearguard rearguard
upcoming upcoming
campaign campaign
ironbornheld ironbornheld
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Rooses Rooses
actions action
culminate culminate
personal personal
killing killing
Robb Robb
Twins Twins
Red Red
Wedding Wedding
planned planned
Lame Lame
Lothar Lothar
Frey Frey
approval approval
Lords Lords
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
Tywin Tywin
Lannister Lannister
House House
Bolton Bolton
usurps usurps
House House
Stark Stark
Roose Roose
named named
new new
Warden Warden
North North
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
Meanwhile Meanwhile
Ramsay Ramsay
Snow Snow
granted granted
royal royal
writ writ
legitimacy legitimacy
King King
Tommen Tommen
Baratheon Baratheon
becoming becoming
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
Ramsay Ramsay
amusing amusing
torture torture
captive captive
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
Cersei Cersei
Lannister Lannister
regent regent
young young
Tommen Tommen
relies relies
House House
Bolton Bolton
hold hold
north north
Iron Iron
Throne Throne
small small
council council
considers considers
aiding aiding
Boltons Boltons
House House
Greyjoy Greyjoy
selfstyled selfstyled
Kings Kings
Isles Isles
North North
Roose Roose
able able
defeat defeat
Stannis Stannis
Baratheon Baratheon
Boltons Boltons
authority authority
contested contested
Stannis Stannis
several several
northern northern
lords lord
begrudged begrudged
nearly nearly
others others
Lord Lord
Rooses Rooses
strongest strongest
supporters supporter
relatives relative
House House
Dustin Dustin
House House
Ryswell Ryswell
Rooses Rooses
horse horse
marches march
north north
along along
two two
thousand thousand
men men
Twins Twins
passage passage
secured secured
thanks thanks
forced forced
efforts effort
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
whose whose
broken broken
Ramsay Ramsay
siege siege
Moat Moat
Cailin Cailin
Theon Theon
able able
convince convince
ironborn ironborn
garrison garrison
surrender surrender
Ramsay Ramsay
flayed flayed
alive alive
Barrowton Barrowton
north north
Roose Roose
instructs instructs
Ramsay Ramsay
behave behave
discreetly discreetly
arranges arranges
marriage marriage
Ramsay Ramsay
Arya Arya
Stark Stark
actually actually
Jeyne Jeyne
Poole Poole
order order
secure secure
dynastic dynastic
legitimacy legitimacy
Ramsay Ramsay
Bolton Bolton
Lord Lord
Hornwood Hornwood
weds wed
Arya Arya
Winterfell Winterfell
presence presence
several several
northern northern
lords lord
claims claim
Lord Lord
Winterfell Winterfell
Boltons Boltons
Freys Freys
quarter quarter
Winterfell Winterfell
autumn autumn
snows snow
fall fall
awaiting awaiting
march march
Winterfell Winterfell
King King
Stannis Stannis
Roose Roose
deals deal
high high
tensions tension
different different
factions faction
particularly particularly
Freys Freys
Lord Lord
Wyman Wyman
Manderly Manderly
Theon Theon
manages manages
escape escape
Jeyne Jeyne
much much
Ramsays Ramsays
chagrin chagrin
According According
letter letter
purportedly purportedly
sent sent
Ramsay Ramsay
Jon Jon
Snow Snow
Lord Lord
Commander Commander
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
Castle Castle
Black Black
Boltons Boltons
smashed smashed
Stanniss Stanniss
army army
Theon Theon
tells tell
Stannis Stannis
expects expects
Ramsay Ramsay
marching marching
crofters crofter
village village
Roose Roose
remains remains
safe safe
Winterfell Winterfell
known known
Boltons Boltons
timespan timespan
events event
described described
Song Song
Ice Ice
Fire Fire
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
raised raised
Warden Warden
North North
several several
houses house
swear swear
fealty fealty
new new
overlord overlord
willingly willingly
dressed dressed
poor poor
child child
Bolton Bolton
rags rag
badge badge
theres there
many many
man man
would would
hang hang
half half
heartbeat heartbeat
wearing wearing
flayed flayed
man man
breastEvery breastEvery
great great
lord lord
unruly unruly
bannermen bannermen
envy envy
place place
father father
Reynes Reynes
Tarbecks Tarbecks
Tyrells Tyrells
Florents Florents
Hoster Hoster
Tully Tully
Walder Walder
Frey Frey
strength strength
keeps keep
men men
place place
moment moment
smell smell
weakness weakness
Age Age
Heroes Heroes
Boltons Boltons
used used
flay flay
Starks Starks
wear wear
skins skin
cloaksIt cloaksIt
happenstance happenstance
put put
flayed flayed
man man
bannersWhat bannersWhat
Bolton Bolton
ever ever
know know
o o
’ ’
honorThe honorThe
Boltons Boltons
always always
cruel cruel
cunning cunning
one one
seems seems
beast beast
human human
skinLet skinLet
bathe bathe
Bolton Bolton
blood blood
die die
want want
feel feel
spatter spatter
across across
face face
axe axe
bites bite
deep deep
Bolton Bolton
skull skull
want want
lick lick
lips lip
die die
taste taste
tongue tongue
Bran Bran
watches watch
Karstarks Karstarks
arrive arrive
goes go
godswood godswood
pray pray
interrupted interrupted
Osha Osha
tells tell
old old
gods god
Others Others
insists insists
Robb Robb
marching marching
north north
south south
Bran Bran
passes pass
advice advice
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
Robb Robb
marches march
army army
south south
Bran Bran
watches watch
guard guard
turret turret
fareye fareye
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
Karstark Karstark
forces force
arrive arrive
Winterfell Winterfell
Robb Robb
heard heard
news news
father father
Lord Lord
Eddard Eddard
taken taken
captive captive
Kings Kings
Landing Landing
called called
Stark Stark
bannermen bannermen
together together
war war
Karstarks Karstarks
last last
arrive arrive
three three
hundred hundred
horsemen horseman
near near
two two
thousand thousand
foot foot
lead lead
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
Karstark Karstark
sons son
Harrion Harrion
Eddard Eddard
Torrhen Torrhen
riding riding
beside beside
Karstarks Karstarks
said said
Stark Stark
blood blood
going going
back back
hundreds hundred
years year
fierce fierce
men men
look look
like like
Starks Starks
Bran Bran
Bran Bran
allowed allowed
leave leave
castle castle
since since
incident incident
wolfswood wolfswood
Robb Robb
insists insists
men men
available available
guard guard
dissuaded dissuaded
Bran Bran
’ ’
s s
argument argument
Summer Summer
protect protect
incident incident
wolfswood wolfswood
shames shame
Bran Bran
able able
protect protect
even even
Rickon Rickon
would would
able able
kick kick
year year
ago ago
would would
visited visited
winter winter
town town
anyway anyway
climbing climbing
walls wall
watch watch
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
Hodor Hodor
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
taught taught
Bran Bran
banners banner
faces face
associate associate
Bran Bran
asks asks
many many
knights knight
Luwin Luwin
tells tell
Bran Bran
twelve twelve
thousand thousand
men men
three three
hundred hundred
knights knight
north north
holds hold
old old
gods god
knights knight
anointed anointed
sept sept
Faith Faith
Seven Seven
However However
Luwin Luwin
assures assures
mans man
worth worth
marked marked
ser ser
name name
Bran Bran
asks asks
leave leave
told told
must must
leave leave
soon soon
countryside countryside
eaten eaten
clean clean
Robb Robb
long long
way way
go go
fighting fighting
started started
men men
join join
Robb Robb
travels travel
south south
Bran Bran
tells tell
Hodor Hodor
want want
watch watch
anymore anymore
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
reminds reminds
Bran Bran
brother brother
busy busy
greeting greeting
Karstarks Karstarks
Bran Bran
assures assures
wants want
visit visit
godswood godswood
Hodor Hodor
carries carry
Bran Bran
basket basket
strapped strapped
back back
idea idea
Luwin Luwin
got got
baskets basket
used used
serving serving
women woman
carry carry
firewood firewood
carried carried
way way
shame shame
Bran Bran
carried carried
like like
baby baby
although although
Hodor Hodor
sometimes sometimes
forgets forgets
Bran Bran
back back
going going
doorways doorway
Bran Bran
exits exit
castle castle
Karstark Karstark
men men
arriving arriving
men men
mock mock
Bran Bran
warned warned
maester maester
attitude attitude
let let
mock mock
since since
want want
stay stay
bedroom bedroom
Bran Bran
calls call
Summer Summer
Karstark Karstark
horses horse
reel reel
direwolf direwolf
goes go
Bran Bran
arrives arrives
godswood godswood
pulls pull
seat seat
Hodors Hodors
back back
using using
branch branch
weirwood weirwood
lets let
Hodor Hodor
lower lower
beside beside
water water
says say
wants want
alone alone
Summer Summer
Bran Bran
finding finding
drawn drawn
heart heart
tree tree
takes take
comfort comfort
deep deep
red red
eyes eye
old old
gods god
watching watching
feels feel
safe safe
gives give
time time
think think
lot lot
recently recently
Bran Bran
prays prays
Robb Robb
go go
away away
safety safety
family family
Rickon Rickon
understand understand
Rickon Rickon
grown grown
wild wild
violent violent
since since
learned learned
Robb Robb
leaving leaving
Rickon Rickon
disappeared disappeared
finally finally
found found
crypts crypt
youngest youngest
Stark Stark
slashed slashed
men men
sword sword
Shaggydog Shaggydog
bit bit
Gage Gage
arm arm
took took
chunk chunk
Mikkens Mikkens
thigh thigh
took took
Robb Robb
Grey Grey
Wind Wind
bring bring
Shaggydog Shaggydog
control control
Farlen Farlen
chained chained
Shaggydog Shaggydog
kennels kennel
Rickon Rickon
cries cry
even even
Luwin Luwin
Bran Bran
asked asked
Robb Robb
stay stay
refuses refuse
saying saying
choice choice
Bran Bran
believes belief
half half
lie lie
Robb Robb
could could
send send
someone someone
else else
guard guard
Neck Neck
Robb Robb
’ ’
s s
response response
father father
would would
send send
others others
die die
stayed stayed
behind behind
walls wall
Winterfell Winterfell
Robb Robb
denies denies
request request
given given
supreme supreme
battle battle
command command
Many Many
lords lord
try try
test test
Robb Robb
making making
demands demand
able able
handle handle
much much
father father
bend bend
even even
anger anger
flares flare
Greatjon Greatjon
Umber Umber
demanded demanded
right right
command command
drew drew
sword sword
Robb Robb
Grey Grey
Wind Wind
immediately immediately
reacted reacted
biting biting
two two
fingers finger
Since Since
incident incident
Greatjon Greatjon
Robb Robb
’ ’
s s
staunchest staunchest
supporter supporter
night night
Robb Robb
came came
Bran Bran
’ ’
s s
bedchamber bedchamber
pale pale
shaken shaken
Robb Robb
also also
told told
Bran Bran
frightening frightening
bannerman bannerman
Roose Roose
Bolton Bolton
never never
says say
word word
looks look
Bolton Bolton
Robb Robb
think think
room room
Dreadfort Dreadfort
Boltons Boltons
hang hang
skins skin
enemies enemy
Bran Bran
states state
story story
Old Old
Nans Nans
asks asks
confirmation confirmation
many many
horrible horrible
stories story
come come
travelers traveler
impossible impossible
say say
real real
although although
obviously obviously
untrue untrue
letter letter
Sansa Sansa
arrived arrived
seal seal
House House
Stark Stark
Robb Robb
read read
letter letter
crushed crushed
Sansa Sansa
said said
nothing nothing
Arya Arya
Robb Robb
asked asked
wrong wrong
Bran Bran
replied replied
Sansa Sansa
lost lost
wolf wolf
remembering remembering
day day
four four
guardsmen guardsman
returned returned
bones bone
Lady Lady
buried buried
bones bone
lichyard lichyard
faithful faithful
servants servant
Winterfell Winterfell
went went
south south
bones bone
returned returned
like like
Lord Lord
Rickard Rickard
Stark Stark
Brandon Brandon
Stark Stark
two two
hundred hundred
men men
none none
returned returned
father father
Arya Arya
Sansa Sansa
Jory Jory
Cassel Cassel
Fat Fat
Tom Tom
gone gone
south south
come come
back back
later later
mother mother
Ser Ser
Rodrik Rodrik
left left
come come
back back
Robb Robb
going going
south south
frightens frightens
Bran Bran
Bran Bran
prays prays
gods god
look look
Robb Robb
men men
going going
south south
defeat defeat
Lannisters Lannisters
bring bring
Father Father
back back
Bran Bran
surprised surprised
words word
Osha Osha
apparently apparently
able able
move move
quietly quietly
shackles shackle
wear wear
tells tell
hear hear
gods god
answering answering
Summer Summer
comes come
around around
pool pool
sniff sniff
flinches flinch
Bran Bran
calls call
Summer Summer
back back
asks asks
Osha Osha
seen seen
since since
taken taken
captive captive
spearwife spearwife
replies reply
gods god
gods god
north north
Wall Wall
Bran Bran
notes note
looks look
womanly womanly
longer longer
hair hair
dress dress
brown brown
roughspun roughspun
tells tell
Bran Bran
Gage Gage
lets let
prayers prayer
time time
time time
lets let
wants want
skirt skirt
feels feel
need need
nothing nothing
likes like
smell smell
flour flour
hands hand
gentler gentler
Stiv Stiv
offers offer
leave leave
Bran Bran
asks asks
stay stay
tell tell
means mean
hearing hearing
gods god
tells tell
open open
ears ear
Bran Bran
replies reply
wind wind
Osha Osha
asks asks
sends sends
winds wind
insisting insisting
old old
gods god
see see
hear hear
words word
Bran Bran
asks asks
say say
Osha Osha
replies reply
sad sad
can can
not not
help help
brother brother
south south
old old
gods god
power power
weirwoods weirwoods
destroyed destroyed
thousands thousand
years year
ago ago
can can
not not
watch watch
brother brother
eyes eye
Bran Bran
listens listens
seems seems
sadness sadness
wind wind
hears hears
Hodor Hodor
arrives arrives
naked naked
bath bath
hot hot
springs spring
Osha Osha
sees see
Hodor Hodor
declares declares
size size
denotes denotes
giant giant
blood blood
Bran Bran
tells tell
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
taught taught
giants giant
Osha Osha
tells tell
maester maester
ride ride
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
giants giant
sometimes sometimes
breed breed
men men
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
producing producing
halfbreeds halfbreeds
though though
goes go
much much
worse worse
women woman
sex sex
giant giant
asks asks
Bran Bran
knows know
talking talking
tells tell
seen seen
animals animal
mating mating
Hodor Hodor
leaves leaf
dress dress
Bran Bran
’ ’
s s
command command
Bran Bran
admits admits
big big
Osha Osha
confirms confirms
giants giant
beyond beyond
Wall Wall
worse worse
giants giant
men men
leave leave
fires fire
often often
come come
back back
sometimes sometimes
come come
back back
wights wight
blue blue
eyes eye
cold cold
black black
hands hand
Osha Osha
explains explains
tried tried
tell tell
Robb Robb
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
even even
Theon Theon
Greyjoy Greyjoy
would would
listen listen
asks asks
Bran Bran
else else
would would
flee flee
south south
company company
Stiv Stiv
rest rest
fools fool
goes go
declare declare
Mance Mance
Rayder Rayder
sworn sworn
brother brother
Nights Nights
Watch Watch
thinks think
fight fight
wights wight
Osha Osha
states state
unlike unlike
Mance Mance
north north
long long
line line
free free
folk folk
Osha Osha
laments lament
can can
not not
get get
Robb Robb
listen listen
Bran Bran
suggests suggests
perhaps perhaps
Robb Robb
listen listen
Osha Osha
dubious dubious
gives give
Bran Bran
message message
tell tell
m m
’ ’
lord lord
tell tell
he he
’ ’
s s
bound bound
marching marching
wrong wrong
way way
north north
taking taking
swords sword
North North
southBran southBran
get get
tell tell
brother brother
Robb Robb
takes take
meal meal
solar solar
great great
lords lord
make make
final final
plans plan
march march
Bran Bran
act act
host host
Karstarks Karstarks
Great Great
Hall Hall
arrives arrives
hall hall
Bran Bran
feel feel
eyes eye
hears hears
murmuring murmuring
broken broken
whispers whisper
breath breath
wants want
knight knight
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
overhears overhears
tells tell
Bran Bran
call call
order order
“ “
knights knight
mind mind
” ”
Bran Bran
could could
forge forge
maester maester
’ ’
s s
chain chain
Citadel Citadel
Oldtown Oldtown
Bran Bran
states state
wants want
learn learn
magic magic
crow crow
promised promised
would would
fly fly
maester maester
says say
teach teach
Bran Bran
many many
things thing
one one
teach teach
magic magic
Bran Bran
replies reply
children child
forest forest
could could
teach teach
remembers remembers
promised promised
Osha Osha
tells tell
maester maester
threat threat
north north
maester maester
promises promise
talk talk
Osha Osha
obvious obvious
even even
Bran Bran
said said
made made
little little
impression impression
Two Two
days day
later later
Robb Robb
army army
march march
south south
Robb Robb
tells tell
Bran Bran
must must
lord lord
Stark Stark
Winterfell Winterfell
Bran Bran
never never
felt felt
little little
alone alone
scared scared
know know
lord lord
told told
listen listen
Maester Maester
Luwin Luwin
take take
care care
Rickon Rickon
refused refused
say say
goodbye goodbye
claiming claiming
one one
ever ever
comes come
back back
Robb Robb
states state
Mother Mother
home home
soon soon
promises promise
bring bring
Father Father
back back
Robb Robb
’ ’
s s
force force
leaves leaf
Bran Bran
remembers remembers
Oshas Oshas
words word
marching marching
wrong wrong
way way
hears hears
cheers cheer
village village
thinks think
never never
cheer cheer
seems seems
left left
Winterfell Winterfell
women woman
children child
old old
men men
Hodor Hodor
